For greater sharpness, but with a slight increase in graininess, you can use a 1:1 dilution of this developer.	爲了更好的銳度，但是附帶的會多一些顆粒度，可以使用這個顯影劑的1：1稀釋液。
He calls the Green Book, his book of teachings, “the new gospel.	他還把宣揚自己思想的所謂《綠皮書》稱作“新福音書”。
And the light breeze moves me to caress her long ear	微風推着我去愛撫它的長耳朵
They have the blood of martyrs is the White to flow …	它們的先烈們的鮮血是白流了…
Finally, the Lakers head to the Motor City to take on a Pistons team that currently owns the Eastern Conference's second best record (1/31). L.	最後，在1月31日，湖人將前往汽車城底特律挑戰活塞隊，活塞近來在東部排名第二。
"The perfect match—my father loves names and Jackie loves money, " sneered Alexander at the wedding. Neither he nor Christina ever got along with their stepmother17.	“真是天造地設的一對——我父親喜歡結交名人，傑姬酷愛金錢，”亞歷山大在婚禮上譏諷道。他和克里斯蒂娜從未同他們的繼母和睦相處過。
In 2006, Walmart was charged with racism when its recommendation engine paired Planet of the Apes with a documentary about Martin Luther King.	2006年，沃爾瑪的推薦引擎竟將《人猿星球》與馬丁·路德·金的記錄片配成了一對，爲此沃爾瑪遭到了種族歧視的指控。
The matte as main copper phase in the cleaning. slag was deter- mined by electron probe microscopic analysis.	通過電子探針顯微分析確定貧化渣中主要銅相爲冰銅相。
Have you shined your shoes?	吉姆靠給人擦皮鞋爲生。
The Tanning Matrix can be formed by resorcinol and oxazolidine E, and the reactioncharateristics between Tanning Matrix and collagen were investigated through NMR and size distribution analysis.	用甘氨酸模擬膠原，研究間苯二酚-惡唑烷E鞣性基質的形成以及與膠原之間的反應特性。
Free delivery for addresses in the city. Can be delivered through Internet.	免費市內取送、免費提供打印譯稿及電子文檔各一份。
Keele University is renowned for its exciting approach to higher education, beautiful campus, strong community spirit and excellent student life.	基爾大學以其令人興奮的方式高等教育，美麗的校園，強大的社區精神和優秀學生的生活。
Among them, there was the herb Tuckahoe grown in Yunnan and Guizhou provinces.	這些中藥中就有生長於雲南和貴州的茯苓。
Your willingness to sacrifice countless late nights consoling them?	或者是因爲你願意花費無數的夜晚去安慰他們？
Callum: OK, we'll find out if you're right at the end of the programme.	Callum：  OK，答案將會在節目的最後揭曉，到時我們再看你有沒有答對。
When standing on a level surface, the hind feet are set back from under the body and the leg from pad to hock is at right angles to the ground.	當他站在水平的地面上時，後足爪位於身軀後方（不在身軀正下方），從腳墊到飛節垂直於地面。
So who won? (Alaska doesn't count, you BOUGHT that state from Russia.	所以到底是誰贏了？ 阿拉斯加不算數，那是你們從俄羅斯買的。
A Minneapolis couple decided to go to Florida to thaw out during a particularly icy winter.	在一個特別寒冷的冬天，一對住在明尼阿波利斯市的夫婦決定去弗羅裏達避寒。
Dumbledore, the lover of warm socks and sherbet lemons, creates soft, comfortable furniture.	熱愛溫暖的毛襪子和冰凍檸檬汁的鄧布利多，變出柔軟舒適的傢俱。
To escape with a Ph.D., you must meaningfully extend the boundary of human knowledge.	要成功拿到博士學位，你必須真正的擴展人類的知識邊界。
Barry had been D.C.'s mayor for 12 years before he was put into prison for involvement with drugs in 1990.	這人說："巴里在1990年由於涉及毒品而被關進監獄。 在這以前他在華盛頓擔任了十二年的市長。
Phase out nankin/social security. It's not working and it's going to bankrupt the country.	逐步淘汰社會保障。社會保障並不起作用，而且它會使我們的國家破產。
Daniel Radcliffe, who plays Harry, thanked all the fans who had turned up. "If this doesn't get you exhilarated, nothing else will," he said.	劇中哈里的飾演者丹尼爾·拉德克里夫對當天出席首映式的所有影迷表示了感謝，他說：“沒有什麼能比這更讓你感到高興的了。”
Look at these coasters over here.	看看這邊的杯墊。
It was tight. so ti lasted a long time .	兩隊不分勝負，所以持續了很長一段時間。
To use tone, press the YES button. You must use tone if you are setting up. the 2300 as a stand-alone stereo encoder.	本帖隱藏的內容需要回復纔可以瀏覽2300作爲一個獨立的立體聲編碼器。
Fuler is one of 253 schools have credited by the Sociation of Phiological schools in the United States and Canada.	富勒是由美國和加拿大神學院聯盟授權的253 家學院中的一員。
It shows that vertical stiffener's spaces have some effects on pure-shearing ulti…	而腹板鼓曲對純彎和純剪極限承載力的影響則可不予考慮。
"People are embarrassed to admit that's why they're giving up their pets, " said Betsy McFarland, the Humane Society's director of communications for companion animals.	“人們羞於說出他們遺棄寵物的真正原因，”人道協會陪伴動物協調主管伊莉莎白. 麥克法蘭說。
Mars gets hit in this tutorial complete with monolith from 2001 Space Odyssey all in 2D.	火星在本教程中獲得擊中從2001年太空漫遊所有的一塊完整的二維。
Show all articles on this topic.	顯示所有關於這個主題的文章。
Yesterday, a city with the husband and wife suffering from AIDS in the city hospital to get two of their 18-month-old daughter of the AIDS antibody test results of the report alone.	昨天，我市一對同患艾滋病的夫妻在市二院拿到了他們18個月大女兒的艾滋病抗體檢測結果報告單。
A model wearing a traditional Korean hanbok performs in a water tank at the "Underwater Hanbok Fashion Show" in Seoul, South Korea.	首爾“水下韓服時裝展”上，一名穿着古裝韓服的模特在水箱內表演着，韓國。
Haven't found some hurt you when it is not pain, you pay attention to it begins to faint do painful.	有些傷你沒發現的時候它不疼，等你一注意它就開始隱隱做痛。
First of all, the term "justice" can have different interpretations in language. That is, a language can define different connotations for "justice.	首先，「正義」可能在同一語言區中即已出現各種不同的解釋，亦即使用同樣語言者都可能對「正義」有不同的內涵認定；
Standard Edition: for small-scale applications that require data caching and sharing clustered data.	標準版：針對需要數據緩存和共享集羣數據的小規模應用。
So basically our L/Cs are no different then other sight L/Cs.	客戶的意思是遠期信用證嗎？但是有不符合遠期信用證的規定（銀行利息由買方負責）
Through parameter calibration and model validation, model can be adapted to morphogenesis and LAI simulation for different varieties and management practice.	通過對模型參數的校正和核實，使模型適應於不同類型品種的形態發生和LAI動態模擬。
NH3-N and concentration of particles reached lnd standard of sewage treatment plant.	濃度和濁度達到國家一級排放標準。
Due to the high tonnage and large span of the whole steel space frame, process and fabrication of the steel space frame shall be strictly precise.	由於整個鋼網架的噸位重、跨度大，所以，對鋼網架的加工製作精度方面要求非常嚴格。
As another example, the Japanese traditional "soup" (ie take a bath Church) is the mixing of men and women bath in some places so far, and often not prepared to foreigners, "red in the face.	再比如，日本傳統的“湯”（即洗澡堂）是男女混浴的，有些地方至今如此，常讓沒有思想準備的外國人“面紅耳赤”。
The theme ofWWIIwill always remain actual as the war will always be remembered by off-springs of those who won it.	二戰主題將會經久不衰，因爲戰勝一方的子孫後代將永遠銘記這場戰爭。
No suspected cancer cells or cancer cells were found.	宮頸刮片檢查兩組均未查見可疑癌細胞或癌細胞。
As our quotation is based on sea extra charge for dispatch by parcel post should be borne by buyers.	咱們所報價錢是以海運爲根基的。因此，因貨品以郵包形式寄發而發生的所有分外花銷應由買戶承擔。
Three bright spots , namely: China? Anping International Wire Mesh Fair, Anping international wire mesh Anping wire mesh industry base and the World.	三大亮點，即：中國?安平國際絲網博覽會、安平國際絲網產業基地和安平絲網大世界。
The ever-intensifying contradictions between economic development and resources and environment must be solved earnestly.	經濟發展與資源、環境的矛盾日益尖銳的情況亟待改變。
Still, who are we to say that we can stay?	然而，誰有敢說我們能長留此地？
Then, in analogy with the annealing of metals, the temperature is made high in the early stages of the process for faster minimisation or learning, then is reduced for greater stability.	然後，與金屬退火原理相類似，在開始階段爲了更快地最小化或學習，溫度被升得很高，然後才（慢慢）降溫以求穩定。
In these few years, the vehicle are rapidly increasing, the different parking are becoming more and more outstanding. The automatic parking system would provide a good way to set down the problems.	近年來，隨着機動車數量的急劇增長，國內許多城市停車難的問題越來越突出，而自動化立體車庫的出現將爲解決城市停車難的問題提供一個很好的方案。
Well my name is lee i am 30yrs my interest is movie, basketball, roller skating, shooting pool, bowling, music, & going on long walks in the park with my dog diamond.	我的名字是李，今年30歲了，愛好是看電影，打籃球，溜旱冰，跳水，打保齡，聽歌以及同我的狗寶石一起在公園散步。
He had formerly been in business at Bristol, but failed in debt to a number of people, compounded, and went to America.	在那裏他專心一志地做生意，在幾年中就賺到許多錢。
Basing on the on site tests of anchor, authors found that anchors have obvious pre stress loss problem during stretching and locking, analyzed and proposed several solutions.	根據對錨杆的現場測試，發現錨杆在張拉及鎖定時存在顯著的預應力損失問題，並對此進行了分析，提出瞭解決問題的幾個辦法。
From hair tip first began gradually, after all, through from downward, nodular comb.	先從髮梢開始通順，逐漸向上，打通全部結節後，從上向下梳順。
The sky began to be clear up a bit when we left St Gallen abbey and library.	離開聖加侖修道院和修道院圖書館，天稍稍開始放晴。
Once more, Cinderella's fairy godmother reminded her to be home by midnight.	仙女教母再一次提醒辛德瑞拉要在午夜前到家。
This paper introduces the demand analysis and function design in detail, gives the source codes of relevant interface functions and base algorithm.	本文詳細介紹了它的需求分析和功能分析，並給出了相關接口函數和底層算法函數的實現源代碼。
Manufacturer of thin and ultra-thin non-ferrous metal foils mainly made of copper, copper-alloys, nickel, genuine silver and nickel-silver.	舒倫克超薄銅合金是製造超薄非鐵合金箔爲主的製造商。
All day thy wings have fann'd At that far height, the cold thin atmosphere: Yet stoop not, weary, to the welcome land, Though the dark night is near.	你成天翕動翅膀， 任空氣稀薄暴風寒冷，飛在高處， 疲乏中你不肯降落舒適的大地， 即使黑夜即將緊閉它的帷幕。
The two other attackers are believed to have tried to enter the terminal, which is protected by heavily armed police and X-ray machines.	另外兩名自殺手據信試圖進入有武裝警察和X光檢測機保護的航站樓。
He became in legitimately through the door of the Law (vv. 1-3).	祂是合法地從律法的門進來的（1～3）；
The effect mechanism of laser biology was systemotically and deeply discussed in this artical, from 4 aspects:the light, electromagnetism field, heat and pressure effect of laser.	本文對激光的生物學作用機制，從激光的光、電磁、熱和壓力效應四個方面進行了討論。
The variant of FOXO3A associated with longevity is much more prevalent in 100-year-olds even than in 95-year-olds, which clearly demonstrates the value of studying the centenarian genome.	與壽命相關的FOXO3A在百歲老人中即使與95歲老人相比也要普遍得多，這也清楚地顯示出研究百歲老人基因組的價值所在。
Again, Uruguay are slight exception – they did start with a three-man defence.	烏拉圭例外—他們一開始是個三後衛陣型。
Rugby' Seven People System origined from Scotland, it has special regularity and character.	七人制橄欖球屬於英式橄欖球，它具有獨特的規律和特點。
This month you will be the darling of the media, so try to be a guest on TV and radio, or try for an interview or write-up on the Inte or in print.	本月可能與媒體打道，所以測驗考試作爲電視或電臺的嘉賓，或者爲網絡或最簡單的面媒體採訪和撰寫。
So Isay to you that a novel must stand up to the adult tests of reality.	所以我對你說，小說必須要成熟起來，能夠讓成年人將之放在生活中試驗。
Yeah, like gentle breeze blowing through the cheeks, the hair dancing in the wind.	是的，像微風吹過面頰，因爲髮梢在跳舞。
At present the direction of travel is not fully clear, but Theresa May's government has promised to set out a plan before triggering the EU's Article 50 divorce procedure.	目前軌跡尚不清晰，但特雷莎·梅的政府承諾將在啓動歐盟第50條脫歐程序之前制訂一項計劃。
Both the theoretical and experimental results have shown that there is a constant water level difference between the refined dynamic water level and the static one in the same well.	理論分析和實驗表明，改性動水位與同一井孔對應的靜水位之間相差一恆定水位落差。
Otwoma believes the expense of generating nuclear energy could one day be met through shared regional projects but, until then, Kenya has to move forward on its own.	Otwoma認爲，核能發電的成本可能有朝一日通過共享的區域項目分擔，但是在那之前肯尼亞需要自主前進。
On July 14, the Kremlin announced it will suspend participation in the Treaty on Conventional Forces in Europe, or CFE for short.	7月14日，克里姆林宮宣佈它將暫停參《與歐洲常規武器條約（CFE）》。
Outside-left. Made United debut at 17.	左外鋒，17歲就爲曼聯初次登場。
When the soul descends it divides itself creating a male and female half-soul.	當靈魂下降並分離自己，創造了一個男性和女性的半個靈魂。
Axis symmetrical pure radial and pure shear vibrations were investigated theoretically for disk concentrators, whose thickness varying step-wise, linearly or exponentially with radial distance.	理論上研究了盤形聚能器的軸對稱純徑向振動和純扭轉振動。 所用盤形聚能器的厚度，沿半徑按階梯形，錐形和指數形變化。
The idea of flipping from one entry to another, following a line of inquiry (especially etymological inquiry) from one page to another, even one volume to another, is a sensual experience.	想象一下從一個詞條翻到另外一個詞條，順着線索（尤其是詞源的查詢）從一頁翻到另一頁，從這一卷翻到另外一卷，（絕對）是一種感官體驗。
Further Practice for Pairs ·Add a third speaker and create your own lines.	加進圈外人，創作你們自己的對話。
Still, Brasier asserts that the light carbon enrichments may well be able to form through lifeless chemical reactions—much as Fedo and others have argued could have occurred at Akilia.	但伯拉西爾仍舊堅稱，無生命的化學反應應該也可以聚集很多輕碳，這跟費多等人對阿基利亞的論辯很類似。
The company is through ISO9001 quality system authentication , some products have also passed UL, CCEE authentication .	公司通過了ISO9001質量體系認證，部份產品還通過了UL、CCEE認證。
The Book of Revelation was also traditionally assigned to him.	〈啓示錄〉傳統上也認爲是他的作品。
Our guest bedroom has an entire wall stacked with boxes containing unknown objects of more “stuff”.	在我們的來賓臥室裏，各種裝着未知東西的箱子堆滿了整堵牆。
It was easily good enough for pole so that was the main thing.	那一圈跑得不錯，足以使我獲得杆位，那是最主要的。
This instrument uses the hardware structure taking 8031 chip-microprocessor as a main. It has functions of self-diagnosis, digital filtering and non-linear compensation etc.	該儀器採用以8031單片機爲核心的硬件結構，它具有自診斷、數字濾波和非線性補償等功能。
While these space rocks don't exactly share our planet's orbit, they do cross it, in the sense that when they are closest to the sun, they are inside Earth's orbital path.	雖然這些小行星並未和地球共享軌道，他們卻實際上穿過了地球軌道，當他們靠近近日點的時候，他們則在地球繞日軌道內側。
John has a windfall . It surprises his wife greatly .	約翰意外獲得一筆財富，使他夫人大吃一驚。
So, the article researched the geography distribution of poets from 712AD to 805AD according to the fifteen Dao and analyzed the poets that existed in the same time and room.	用唐代實行的行政規劃十五道爲基礎，對公元712——805年詩人的地理分佈進行全國性的分道研究，在時間、空間一定的前提下，對唐詩人進行定量、定性分析。
Yet he's ready to move on, knowing that "the causes I care about have campaign-tested technology to work with."	然而他已經準備好了前行，他明白，“他所在意的那些已經經過了競選活動的測試。”
Kandahar provincial official and his bodyguard on their way to work were shot dead by two gunmen on a motorbike.	坎大哈省官員阿吉斯塔尼和他的保鏢在上班的路上被兩名騎摩托車的武裝分子開槍打死。
We've rounded up some unusual ways to put your bottom-shelf vodka to good use all around your house.	我們蒐集了一些可以讓你把箱底的伏特加應用到家裏各個角落的小方法。
The target of anti_monopoly law should be to contain monopolizing behavior and various restrictive practices.	反壟斷法應以壟斷和其他限制競爭行爲作爲規制對象；
To build a conservation-minded society, we should act at present for our future.	構建節約型社會，是以現代的目光，着眼於長遠的未來，是當務之急。
Large doses of carbs, sugar, and caffeine might keep you awake for a short time, but they will eventually lead to a "crash, " and have the opposite effect.	大劑量的碳水化合物、糖和咖啡因會讓你清醒一段時間，但是他們最終將導致一個觧“重磅睡眠”，產生相反的效果。
We desperately need a nation to exert some leadership, adopting policies to move promptly in that direction.	我們急需一個國家發揮一定的領導作用，沿這一方向迅速採取措施。
Environmental records shall be stored and maintained in such a way that they are readily retrievable and protected against damage, deterioration or loss.	對環境記錄的保存和管理應使之便於查閱，避免損壞、變質或遺失。
He hastily composed another post, and then spent twenty minutes rephrasing it in a calmer tone, but a day later, when that message had also been deleted, his rage erupted.	範老師急忙構思了又一條帖子，然後花了二十分鐘時間把措辭改寫得比較平和。 但是一天之後，這條留言又被刪除了，這時範老師的憤怒爆發了。
Results(1)Determining the morbidity of hyperbilirubinemia; It put up an extremely remarkable difference comparing the antibody-released test result being positive group to the control group(P<0.01).	結果（1）抗體釋放試驗陽性患兒與對照組新生兒高膽紅素血癥發生率差異有統計學意義（P<0.01）。
All eastbound trains have been cancelled due to faulty signals.	所有向東開去的火車由於信號錯誤而均被取消。
Taken into account the fact that aggregates absorb pitch, required abilities to resist high temperature track and penetration could be gained by controlling interspace ratio (4%).	考慮集料對瀝青的吸收，用混合料的設計空隙率（4％）控制混合料的高溫抗車轍能力與滲水性。
Unlike many of the other pirate-radio operators, who were in it mostly for money or adventure, Smedley saw his broadcasts as part of a wider moral crusade.	許多海盜電臺經營者常常都是爲了金錢或冒險而入行，斯梅德利卻與之不同，他將其廣播事業視爲廣泛道德運動的一部分。
Ran Hua (1961 ~), female, associate professor, PhD. candidate , School of Journalism & Communication, Wuhan University, majoring in communication theories.	冉華（1961～），女，武漢大學新聞與傳播學院副教授，在職博士生，主要從事傳播理論研究。
Others include shrouding Earth in sun-reflecting aerosol particles, manufacturing CO2-absorbing artificial trees, and pumping CO2 into underground reservoirs.	還有其它的計策，比如用具有反光效應的氣溶膠粒子覆蓋地球，或生產吸收二氧化碳的人工樹木，還有把二氧化碳倒入地下水庫的計策。
Whereafter design and analyze the actualize circuit and the function of each module.	然後設計和分析了各個子模塊的實現電路和功能；
Mr. Pang denied those allegations, saying the government based its case on the word of a disgruntled employee.	彭日成否認了這些指控，稱政府的指控基於手下一位憤怒僱員的一面之詞。
For the single-machine case, we derive polynomial-time optimal solutions for the problems to minimize makespan and the total completion time.	單機排序情形下，對於最大完工時間和總完工時間最小化問題給出多項式時間算法。
Objective:To investigate the infection condition of herpes simplex virus(HSV) in Shantou area.	目的：瞭解汕頭地區單純皰疹病毒（HSV）感染情況。
Blood seeped through its baleen as a bulldozer dragged all 28 feet of it across the rocky beach.	當一臺推土機拖着這頭全長28英尺的鯨穿過岩石沙灘時，鯨血漸漸穿過鯨鬚而滲漏出來。
The response would, of course, be for the enraged US congressmen to start enacting their own retaliation.	這些反應必將激怒美國國會議員，導致他們制定自己的報復措施。
Thellonking is one of the most productive activities a human being can undertake.	念考是此中最出產性活動己的總稱能夠舉行。
Shaw was also the only person ever to have won both a Nobel Prize (Literature in 1925) and an Academy Award (Best Screenplay for Pygmalion in 1938).	肖伯納還是唯一獲得諾貝爾文學獎（1925年）以及奧斯卡最佳電影劇本獎（1938年，《 皮格馬利翁》）兩個獎項的人。
Alistair Woodland, a partner at law firm Clifford Chance, said: “The truth is that no one will escape the new bonus rules completely.”	Clifford Chance律師事務所合夥人阿利斯泰爾·伍德蘭（Alistair Woodland）說：“真實的情況是沒有人能夠徹底規避新的獎金政策。”
Country and nation need juncture, to ignore individual interest, not Wei hardship, not afraid of bloodshed and even sacrificed their personal life, is to campaign for the country 's warrior.	國家和民族需要的關頭，能夠不顧個人利益、不畏艱難、不怕流血甚至獻出個人生命的，就是爲國征戰的勇士。
They could even count the fruit in Soviet orchards and analyze their crops.	他們甚至可以數出蘇聯果園裏的果樹並分析其產量。
The results show the effects of the geometrical parameters of aluminium foil and heat conductivity of PCM on heat transfer enhancement.	從計算結果可以看出鋁片結構參數和相變材料導熱係數對傳熱性能的影響。
The surprise of artificial evolution has been that conventional wisdom was so wrong. Sims , Ray, and Koza have wonderful evidence that logical programs can evolve by progressive modifications.	人工進化的驚人發現在於傳統知識錯誤百出。辛姆斯、雷和柯扎都擁有證明邏輯程序可以通過漸進改良方式演化的絕妙證據。
There is a major difference in function between a sender-receiver channel pair and a requester-server channel -- for more information, see the  WebSphere MQ V7 information center.	發送方-接收方通道對和請求方-服務器通道在功能方面有着很大的區別 ——— 更多信息請參閱  WebSphere MQ V7 信息中心。
The American public is growing weary of financing every aspect of Iraq's future, from combat operations to electricity grids and highways, " said Senator Ben Nelson, a Nebraska Democrat.	美國公衆已經厭倦了給伊拉克未來的每個方面提供資助，從作戰運行到電力網到公路建設。
The results have shown that breeders could use for selecting parental inbred lines, according to the proposed scopes, the…	試驗結果，根據一些生理、生化性狀的相關係數，爲玉米雜交親本的選配提供了理論依據。
The 7th China-EU Leaders' Meeting will take place on the following day there.	第七次中歐領導人會晤將於8日在這裏舉行。
This deal and the circumstances under which it was made will provide encouragement and incentive to Hamas and to Hezbollah to abduct soldiers in the future, and make even more extreme demands.	阿倫斯說：“這次交易以及交換人員的條件會鼓勵哈馬斯和真主黨將來綁架以色列軍人，提出更極端的要求。
The Australian Taxation Office has taken action against 27 employees for breaches of privacy, including sacking four of them.	澳大利亞稅局，已經對27名違反了客戶隱私條例的員工採取了行動，其中四名被解僱。
Recently, an international team of biologists released the first draft sequence of the pig genome, the complete set of genetic instructions for making the ruddy-furred Duroc breed of Sus scrofus.	最近一個跨國生物學家團隊發佈第一分豬基因體定序圖譜初稿，也就是紅色毛的杜洛克豬的完整基因指令。
Comparisons of explosion processes of single-charge, two-charge exploding at bottom in shallow-layer water and two-charge exploding in infinitive water were made.	研究了水底水面對沉底爆炸衝擊波傳播與相互作用的影響。
Three: the right with the right thumb pulp press Sanyinjiao that 3-inch ankle on right leg, made the patients feel soreness Roudong clockwise 20 times.	三：用右手拇指指腹按壓右三陰交穴，即右下肢內踝上3寸，患者感到酸脹時作順時針揉動20次。
In this paper we analyzed the decomposing principals of good-sized products;	分析了大型機電產品設計任務分解原則；
The regeneration proposal for the city centre and traffic hub of Ballerup, a suburb of Copenhagen, aims to create a model for revitalizing and rethinking the typical suburban commuter spaces.	對哥本哈根近郊城市巴勒魯普市中心及交通樞紐的重建提議旨在創建一個恢復中心活力，反思標準郊區通勤空間的模型。
Even in time of danger, many times in body armor.	甚至在危險時刻，多次以身相護。
So is an change for the better, like birth and death which convulse the body.	向更好的轉變也是如此，和顛覆身體的生死一樣。
The bury depth is mainly related to the rigidity of the pipe, geological conditions and designed density of backfill soil.	埋設深度主要與管材的剛度有關，同時與管道敷設地點的地質條件和設計回填土的密實度有關。
After spending 10 years producing this film, Woo plans to release an Anna May Wong pictorial book and DVD in late 2009.	在花了十年製作這部紀錄片之後，胡美金打算在2009年末出版一本黃柳霜的畫冊和DVD。
The Spurs squandered a 20-point lead to lose Game 1 in Los Angeles and the Lakers routed them in Game 2.	第一場馬刺在領先20分情況下被翻盤，第二場更是慘敗。
The result is, that it is not necessary to use gibberlin acid.	實驗結果是，種子不必經過酸處理也可以發芽。
Monday: A Water bearer expresses the symbols of fortunes during the dates of 7th, 14th and 21th hours past sunrise.	星期一：水瓶座的運勢將在日出後的第7,14,21小時候體現。
Davyn felt his feet leave the wood of the chair and wrapped his hands around the wool rope.	達文感到他的腳正慢慢遠離椅子，他的手死死攥住繩圈。
Two days earlier, the 13-year-old was sitting on a porch and eating pizza with Deneysi Valdovinos, a girl he's known his whole life, when a gunman walked up and started shooting.	兩天前，這個13歲的男孩正和發小好友丹妮斯•瓦爾德文斯坐在門廊吃披薩，這時有個持槍歹徒走進來開始射擊。
It is intended for mission-critical, heavy-load production systems as well as for embedding into mass-deployed software.	它旨在成爲能用於大型應用、高負載的生產系統以及大規模部署的軟件。
The blanket was a gift from his Dad to his Granddad----a going-away gift.	這條毛毯是父親送給爺爺的禮物----送別的禮物。
After giving your baby a bath, gently massage him with a small amount of baby lotion. The gentle touches and caresses can help soothe him and provide him with a sense of security.	幫幼兒洗完澡擦乾後，可爲孩子擦點嬰兒乳液並輕輕地爲其做點簡單的按摩，除了輕柔的動作、肢體的撫摸可安定孩子的情緒，而孩子也能感受到父母的慈愛。
To gowardesh ErNian room send chicken soup, also see ErNian encourage lost ErNian marry big boss when good, ErNian told gowardesh black mule to marry grandma, gowardesh hurried out.	狗娃去二孃屋裏送也雞湯，看到二孃失落勸慰二孃跟大掌櫃結婚時好事，二孃告訴狗娃黑騾子要娶奶奶了，狗娃急忙跑出去。 。
When you share a page, you can designate users as viewers or editors.	在共享頁面時，您可以將用戶指定爲查看者或編輯者。
Yijun: Now you can't tell me you don't like her story.	怡君：你不能跟我說你不喜歡她的故事了。
Christmas is a day for gathering. I will get together with my classmates and friends, some foreigners and some Chinese and have dinner together and give each other presents.	聖誕節是人們聚會的一天。我將與同學們以及朋友們共聚一堂，一些外國人和一些中國人共同聚餐，並且互相分發禮物。
The problem authorities in Abuja face, though, is that no single approach to confronting Boko Haram's expansion has yet gained broad political backing or attained major momentum.	但是阿布賈的政府面臨的問題是處理博科聖地的單方面行動還沒有過的廣泛的政治支持也沒有得到主要的推動力。
You’re probably one of those weirdos that doesn’t drink coffee in the morning either.	而且你可能也是那種早晨不用喝咖啡的古怪人。
The smell of perfume suggests the girl whom I met in the plane on the way to Lisbon.	這種香水味令我想起了飛往里斯本的航班上遇到的那位姑娘。
It is worth mentioning that the provisions of the Social Security Board, to receive social security payments for personnel do not live in the United States to facilitate the retirees living abroad.	值得一提的是，社安局規定，領取社會安全金的人員不一定要住在美國境內，以方便生活在海外的退休人士。
METHODS:To select the optimum method with morphology, particle size and entrapping efficiency as criterion.	方法：以形態、粒徑、包封率爲指標評價工藝。
But the PE teacher, Ms Huang, helped me.	但是，體育老師肜——黃老師幫助了我。
Magna's plan is less clear, and representatives of the company could not be reached immediately.	麥格納的計劃不太清楚，且公司代表還無法立即達成協議。
Listing 9 shows you how the  tag uses its ID attribute to link to a specified bug report in the MediaWiki Bugzilla database.	清單 9 顯示了  標記是如何使用其 ID 屬性鏈接到 MediaWiki Bugzilla 數據庫內的一個指定的 bug 報告的。
Smart software can also reduce medical errors.	高智能的軟體也可以減少醫療疏失。
With the right products and the right terms, these workers can still have access to that crucial crutch.	在合適的產品和合適的條款下，這些工人仍然可以得到這些重要的支柱。
The lesions will "bleach out" and become clean wounds that will heal after a molt.	病變會“漂白了”，成爲清潔傷口癒合後，將蛻皮。
The result with white-space text nodes ignored is  Listing 19.	空白文本節點被省略後的結果是  清單 19。
Walter Reuther, the union’s captain, would have preferred that the government provide pensions and health care to all citizens.	工會首領沃爾特·魯瑟（Walter Reuther）本來更希望政府爲所有公民提供養老金和醫療保健。
Two ash pits of the Erlitou culture were excavated in 1997. Containing artifacts present distinctive features of the Erlitou cultural style.	本次發掘的二里頭文化灰坑僅兩座，出土遺物具有比較典型的二里頭文化風格。
We can do that, and everyone who is in this room will be part of a historic endeavor - one that makes life better for our children and our grandchildren.[/en]	我們能夠這樣做。 在座的每一位都能親身參與這項前所未有的事業──爲了改善我們子孫萬代的生活。
Most turtles are carnivorous worms, screw, such, shrimp and fish feed, also food plants for the stem.	大多數龜均爲肉食性，以 蠕蟲、螺類、蝦及小魚等爲食，亦食植物的莖葉。
The report notes: ’In reaction to these slow drivers, almost half (45%) of motorists risk overtaking, thus increasing the chances of an accident.	這篇報道指出：“對於這些慢行司機，幾乎45%的司機會冒險超車，這反而增加了發生事故的概率。”
Those results can be explained by Automaticity Theory, Threshold Hypothesis Theory, and Relevance Theory and Natural Order Theory.	作者用信息處理自動性理論、詞彙臨界值假說、關聯理論和自然順序假設理論解釋了這些現象。
Still, the planets do slightly disturb each other with their mutual gravity, pulling each other around a little bit and thus causing tiny variations in the exact timing of the transits.	然而，由於行星之間的相互引力，它們確實會輕微地受到彼此的干擾，把相互之間的距離稍微拉近一點，這樣就會在凌日的確切時間上引起微小的變化。
And am a qualified programmer in about 4 high-level languages and machine language in 8008,8080,8085 and fair at Z80.	我是個有資歷的程序員，能使用四種高級語言，也能在8008，8080，8085，z80機器上使用機器語言。
The growing demand for meat, milk and eggs in developing countries thus potentially provides an opportunity for poor livestock keepers to improve their livelihoods.	因此，發展中國家對肉、奶和蛋不斷增長的需求，可能給貧困的牲畜飼養者提供改善其生計的機遇。
Calcium in Chinese olive organs is in the form of HAC-soluble calcium and HCL-soluble calcium.	在各器官中鈣主要以醋酸溶鈣和鹽酸溶鈣的形式存在。
The positive rate can be raised when the IFAT and other immunological methods were jointly used for diagnosis of human hydatidosis.	將IFAT和其它免疫學方法合用，能提高包蟲病的檢出率。
Furthermore, you should avoid nicotine and caffeine in the evenings since these stimulants can make it harder to fall asleep.	此外，晚上要避免含尼古丁和咖啡因的東西，它們有刺激作用，使人難以入睡。
You cannot get away. Do not think you can escape them, At night, or early in the morn'.	別以爲趁著夜色昏冥或朝晨迷霧你們就能逃離德州人的目光。
During the six months ended June 30, 2007, the Company received net loans totaling $725,324 primarily from its officers.	截止2007年6月30日的六個月裏，公司淨貸款總額爲725324美元，貸款主要來自公司高級官員。
A united method for greatest common factor and least common multiple of two elements in Euclidean ring is given.	通過對歐氏環上矩陣的討論，給出了歐氏環中兩個元素的最大公因子與最小公倍子的統一求法。
They were about to go down. When Tom suddenly whispered. "Sh! Keep still. Don't move!"	他們正想再下去，這時湯姆突然低聲道：“噓，安靜，別動！”
For Saliou, the work in the mines goes on.	對Saliou來說，礦山的工作還要繼續。
Jonathan Scurlock, of the National Farmers Union, said: “Going vegetarian is not a worldwide solution.	全國農民聯盟的喬納森斯格勞克說：“吃素食並非全球性的解決方案。
On this subject, I do not wish to think, or speak, or write, with moderation.	對於這個問題，我不願溫文爾雅地思考、發言和寫文章。
YIN-W Series Plastic towline, also has a wide range of applications, are of special plastic towline.	系列塑料拖鏈，也有着廣泛的應用，屬於特種塑料拖鏈。
Our results showed that the extract or HL 60 cells agglutinated the lymphocytes of mouse spleens.	結果表明，HL-60細胞含有很高的內源性凝集素活性。
An area 5km in length and 500 meters wide has been covered by a combination of mud and rock thrown up by the floods, the local government said in a statement.	當地政府在一項聲明中稱5公里長500百米寬的區域被洪水的泥土岩石混合。
As we might put it somewhat misleadingly, what is it for "two" people to really be the same single extended-through-time person?	對於“兩個“人、，如何纔是同一個貫穿時間的人，可能有一些誤導的觀點？
In order to combine resources and provide higher speed, more stable, more flexible broadband access services, wireless and optical networks tend to be integrated into the access network.	爲了優化組合資源，並且提供更高速、更穩定、更靈活的寬帶接入業務，無線和光纖網絡的融合成爲接入網演進的趨勢。
Each "scream" lasts for just 0.05 seconds.	每一聲“尖叫”僅僅持續0.05秒。
Nanguo Pear obtains the fame of "The King of the Pear" for its appealing color, soft fresh, full of juice and strong fragrance.	南果梨因其色澤鮮豔、果肉細膩、爽口多汁、風味香濃，所以素有“梨中之王”的美譽。
E. g One Company Need to Rent heavy equipment or buy a materials , they can post Their RFQ and ask for Quotation.	例如，一個公司需要租用或購買重型設備材料，他們可以張貼他們的報價，要求報價。
The current world record stands at 27 hours and 15 minutes - but Carragher is confident the title will soon be heading to Liverpool.	現世界紀錄爲27小時15分，但卡拉格信心冠軍最終屬於利物浦。
Moreover, the skull has features resembling those of contemporary Asians.	此外，該頭骨具備類似現代亞洲人頭骨的特徵。
After the retrieval, the donor's eggs are fertilized by sperm from the recipient's partner and transferred to the recipient's uterus.	取卵後，捐卵者的卵子用受贈者丈夫的精子受精然後移植到受贈者的子宮。
Unconsciously, you use this time, if you are a poor listener, to let your thoughts drift elsewhere.	如果你是一個差勁的聆聽者，你的思緒就會不知不覺地在這段時間飄走。
There, they can be associated with XML documents that are stored and retrieved by business applications.	它們將在那裏與由業務應用程序存儲和檢索的 XML 文檔關聯起來。
Bid and quotation are decision problem, which synthesized multifactor including qualitative analysis, quantitative calculation, decision-maker's experiences etc.	投標報價工作是一個複雜的定性分析、定量計算、決策者經驗等多因素綜合性的決策問題。
One flat can accommodate a family of five.	一套房間可供五口之家居住。
"There were fairly high expectations for both JPMorgan and Intel, so these beats show how much things are improving," said Douglas Peta, an independent market strategist in New York.	"市場對摩根大通和英特爾兩家企業有相當高的期望,所以兩家公司業績超預期反映經濟改善的程度,"紐約獨立市場策略師Douglas Peta說.
So Arcadia is trying to improve crops’ ability to absorb nitrogen by changing their biological makeup, Lewis said.	劉易斯表示，爲此阿凱迪亞公司嘗試通過改變作物的生物構造，改善它們吸收氮的能力。
What does it mean for a project to work in an iterative and incremental manner?	插圖對於一個項目來說，以迭代和增量的方式進行運作意味着什麼？
And, lo, I perceived that God had not sent him; but that he pronounced this prophecy against me: for Tobiah and Sanballat had hired him.	我看明神沒有差遣他，是他自己說這話攻擊我，是多比雅和叄巴拉賄買了他。
It’s always nice to have some fresh faces and appeal to a younger audience who may not be as familiar with the show as our long-time fans.	讓新鮮面孔出現總是件好事，可以吸引年輕觀衆，他們不像我們的長期劇迷那樣熟悉這個劇。
Objective To evaluate the efficacy of Titanor Eine cream and Titanor EIne suppositories in postoperative patients with anorectal diseases.	目的觀察太寧膏、太寧栓聯合應用在防治肛腸病術後便祕、疼痛和術區出血的療效。
And they seemed blissfully insensitive to risk - even junk bonds rated a scary C were selling briskly, accounting for more than 25% of all LBO junk-bond issues earlier this year.	他們似乎對此時的風險並不敏感-甚至是評級爲C的垃圾債券都可以順利銷售，並且此級別的債券佔那一年所有LBO垃圾債券的25%還多。
Preparation: Develop malware-specific incident handling policies and procedures.	預防： 開始特定惡意軟件事故處理策略和過程。
"Morning" is Janice's first since his debut album in English songs, ten original songs in English by the jazz genre, French lazy heart, soul, rock ranging from pastoral comedy.	是Janice 出道以來首張全英文歌專輯，十首原創英文歌的曲風由爵士樂、法式惰懷、騷靈、搖滾至田園小品不等。
I'm sorry, I'm not in a position to help you financially.	我很抱歉，我沒辦法在財務上幫你忙。
This paper introduces the structure of software system about data gathering and communication of bearing windage testing device, the designing of software, and the mostly function and characteristic.	介紹了軸承遊隙檢測臺數據採集與通訊軟件系統，對系統設計、結構和主要功能特點作了較詳細的論述。
A garden rockeries, part of stone piled with Huangshan, deep in the twists and turns Dengdao, peak circled, it is sent north, a stone;	個園假山，一部分用黃山石疊成，山腹中有曲折磴道，盤旋到頂，這是北派的石法；
I've trained long and hard, using my superior IQ to improve all of my gaming methods and strategies.	我日夜訓練，運用我的高 智慧提高我所有的遊戲方法和策略。
Big-P looked like to be getting presentable over this year, all people smiled and applauded when he summarizing dictions . He performed very well, I had known for a long time.	這一年來大P變得像模像樣了，他總結陳辭時所有人都又笑又鼓掌的，他發揮得很好， 我早就知道。
Is there any special Tenimyu you're longing for?	是否特別期待某一部舞臺劇？
A name that connotes action and is a little quirky has a better chance of being remembered.	一個能暗示人們行動而且有點另類的名字更有可能被人記住。
Methods Use ultrasound B to observe ova developement of 70 patient's 72 natural period and 50 drug ovulation period.	方法 利用B超對70例不孕患者的 72個自然週期及 5 0個藥物促排卵週期的卵泡發育情況進行觀察。
And notice, by the way, if I do that, and I type sqrt and open the paren, ah-ha! It shows me what the creator, in this case actually I stole this from John so what Professor Guttag put up as his specification for this piece of code.	它需要什麼養的輸入和其它我想傳達的信息，如果我這麼做了，我將會到這裏打上sqrt並且加上括號，啊哈！這裏告訴我這段程序的創建者,事實上這是我是從約翰那裏偷來的,所以也就是Guttag教授在它的。
Most recently, Schwab on Dec. 19 filed a WTO complaint accusing China of illegal subsidies to domestic companies that export their branded products.	就在最近，Schwab在12月9日像WTO提起關於指控中國非法對本國出口名牌產品的公司補貼的行爲。
This is certainly the case with the Union of Jewish Students (UJS), at the University of Delon, which is nationally run with groups at most universities.	這當然是同（UJS）猶太學生聯盟的情況在龍，大學，是全國最多的大學集團。
There is no relationship between alkaloids or nitrate and individual TSNAs.	而硝酸鹽和菸草生物鹼含量與菸草特有亞硝胺無明顯相關關係。
In this richly illustrated and meticulously crafted narrative, Conn recounts Buck's life in absorbing detail, tracing the parallel course of American and Chinese history.	在這豐富的插圖，並精心製作的敘述，康恩在吸收詳細敘述巴克的生活，追蹤美國和中國歷史的並行過程。
And when he had gone over those parts, and had given them much exhortation, he came into Greece	走遍了那一帶地方，用許多話勸勉門徒，（或作衆人）然後來到希臘。
Cosway is somewhat considered a latecomer in the Chinese market, compared with other international direct-selling companies such as Amway.	科斯韋有些認爲在中國市場的遲到者，相比其他國際直銷公司如安利。
According to one theory, males rammed each other with their thick skulls in order to win females.	根據一項推測，男性靠互相撞擊自己厚厚的頭蓋骨來贏得女性芳心。
Werebear - Damage bonus increased by 15% across all ranks.	傷害加成增加15％，在所有隊伍。
The prediction of the development cost of the project of model after regulating will be more accurate reflect cocomo cost measure between work and guidance value software of project conscientiously.	校準後的模型對專案開發成本的預測將會更加準確，從而切實體現cocomo成本度量工作對於軟體專案的指導價值。
Non-codependent love requires wholeness to emerge within.	不再相互依賴的愛，需要從內在出現完整。
Brazil been massacred ! ! ! Congrats to germany Brazil has neymar Argentina has messi, Portugal has ronaldo But germany have a good team…	巴西隊被屠戮了！祝賀德國隊。巴西隊有內馬爾，阿根廷隊有梅西，葡萄牙有羅納爾多，而德國擁有的是一支優秀的球隊。
The factors which affect the field are studied using quantitative method and qualitative method. This provides the basis to im prove the end structure design of large turbogenerators.	本文對影響發電視端部場的各種因素進行了詳細的定性和定量分析，爲大型汽輪發電機端部結構的改進提供了理論依據。
A tissue engineer by trade, Mironov has taken embryonic muscle cells called myoblasts, which turn into muscle, from turkey, bathed them in a bovine serum and then grown animal muscle tissue.	做爲組織工程師的職業，M將從火雞上提取的可轉化成肌肉的成肌細胞（肌肉細胞胚胎），至於牛血清中，可以成長爲動物的肌肉組織。
This allows for digestion to happen (or at least start) well before you go to sleep so your body can rest well during the night, rather than churning away your food.	這對睡前進行消化（至少是開始消化）很有幫助，比起不停地消化食物，睡前兩小時不吃東西才能讓身體在夜間好好休息。
Other violence occurred at Friendship Road and at Liberation Road, they said.	他們說還有其它的暴力事件發生在友誼路和解放大道。
So, there's no reason to rush -- and definitely no reason to panic if you can't access the download right away.	所以，不用着急-如果你不能馬上使用下載也沒有理由焦急。
How many offerings are listed in these first seven chapters?	在利未記的頭七章總共列出了多少種獻祭？
Indeed, your average computer is virtually obsolete by the time it is shipped from the factory to the retail store.	實際上，一般的電腦從工廠送到零售店的時候，可以說已經過時了。
If he's like me, quality of movie is not a pre-requisite for making it on to the shelf. A sampling of what you'll find on my DVD shelf	如果他像我一樣，是不會預先考慮電影的質量再把它們放在櫃子上的。
Ellie Pearson from road safety charity Brake praised the programme for carrying out the test, which demonstrated the potential risk of highspeed driving.	應付此次碰撞試驗，英國率先的途徑安適慈悲機構的艾莉?皮爾遜體現，這恰好證實了“高速有危害，駕車需謹嚴”這句話。
But you can't work the fewest hours either, because then you look like you don't care. And that's being a bad team player, even if you are getting the work done.	但是你不能工作最少的時間，因爲這樣你看起來像不在乎，那樣你就是一個不合格的團隊成員，即使你將完成你份內的工作。
Artists', students' or signboard painters' colours, modifying tints, amusement colours and the like, in tablets, tubes, jars, bottles, pans or in similar forms or packings.	藝術家、學生和廣告美工用的顏料、調色料、文娛顏料及類似品，片狀、管裝、罐裝、瓶裝、扁盒裝以及類似形狀或包裝的。
This chanting process is the only way of attaining full Krishna Consciousness in this age of kali yuga.	在這卡利年代，唸誦是獲得圓滿的奎師那知覺的唯一方法。
The non-state economy that has arisen is, in many localities, a corporatist one, in which local business and political elites are closely tied together and business ethics is a contradiction in terms.	崛起的非國有經濟，在許多地方都以集體形式存在，其間地方商業和政治精英團體有着微妙的關係，在商業道德面前他們的談判往往自相矛盾難圓其說。
Notice of Change of Address: Kindly change my office address on your records from the Chiyoda Building to The Mitsuya Building, No. 3, Honcho, Nihonbashi, chuo-ku, Tokyo.	遷址通告：敬請貴公司從客戶檔案中將本公司的地址由千代田大樓改爲：東京都中央區日本橋本町三矢大樓三號。
In this paper the relationship of tunnel axis floating with properties of lining grouting slurry for shield-driven tunneling of Shanghai metro was studied.	本文着重探討上海地鐵採用盾構法施工，隧道軸線上浮與襯砌灌注漿液性質的關係。
Modern lexicology , specially the modern glossary semantics breakthrough tradition glosseme study studying range, looking the glosseme as one of its research objects.	現代詞彙學，特別是現代詞彙語義學突破傳統詞彙學的研究範圍，把義位作爲其研究對象之一。
Believable quality Complete serve control system and electric principal axis.	全套伺服控制系統，主軸電機採用進口產品，品質高；
That time lowered the 12-year-old mark set by American great Michael Johnson (19.32), a record many people thought could not be broken.	這打破了由了不起的美國運動員麥克爾.約翰遜保持了12年之久的19秒32的記錄。 許多人都認爲那個記錄是不可能被打破的。
E. coli O157:H7 causes abdominal cramping, vomiting and a diarrheal illness, often with bloody stools.	H7能引起腹部絞痛，嘔吐和腹瀉，通常是血便。
The SB Express Tarragona is located in the modern part of the city, near the Hospital Universitario Juan XXIII.	塔拉戈納在SB快遞位於城市的現代部分，在醫院附近宇宙報胡安二十三。
Ainley explained that even if he caught him, and brought him back to the colony, he would immediately head right back for the mountains.	愛恩利博士解釋說，即使抓住它， 帶它回到棲息地，它也會立即掉頭朝羣山而去。
Contrapose various demand of information, we table a proposals of different VSAT network construction precept and suggestion.	針對各種不同的信息傳輸需求，提出了不同的VSAT網絡組網建設方案及建議。
The basic principle of the pedagogy is that similar conditions and environments produce similar results…	相似的成因、相似的條件、相似的環境產生相似的結果，則是相似教育論的基本原理。
"Flying is the most classic example," said Gringas, a Web designer and videographer from Canada. "When you realize you're having a lucid dream, you just take off and fly!"	"飛翔是最典型的例子，"來自加拿大的網頁設計者兼電視錄像製作人Gringas說，"當你意識到正做一個清晰的夢時，便開始起飛翱翔。"
This paper discusses the feasibility, conditions and the best scheme of using 3-phase SCR switches to close small inductance circuits without transients.	本文從理論上探討了利用可控硅開關實現三相有感電路“無過渡過程”接通的可能性、條件和最佳方案。
A cock, scratching in the farmyard for food for the hens, turned up a precious stone that shone and sparked in the sun.	公雞在農家的庭院裏用爪子搔呀刨呀，爲母雞覓食。 他從地裏翻出了一粒寶石，那粒寶石在陽光下閃閃發光。
All the volunteers will enter the Expo site in mid-April to take part in the five test operations to minimize things going wrong during the 184-day event.	所有志願者將於四月中旬進入世博園，參與五項試運營活動，目的是爲了將世博會期間可能出現的風險機率降到最低。
Executives from Mengniu Dairy Group Co. and Yili Industrial Group Co. promised that stepped up testing and new procedures would ensure that similar contamination won't happen again.	蒙牛集團和伊利集團的主管承諾將加強產品檢驗，並表示，新的（生產）流程可以保證類似的污染事件不會再發生。
Carnitine is a nutrient that helps the body turn fat into energy.	肉鹼是一種營養，幫助人體脂肪轉化爲能量。
Choose a recorder.	選擇一個記錄員.
At the same time, the landscape architect focused on fully evoking memories of Seonyudo history.	同時，景觀設計師還致力於喚起人們對於仙遊島歷史的記憶。
To me, in the love of the river, I often feel like I was upstream .	於我，在愛情的河流裏，我經常覺得自己在逆流而上。
Yet as Ireland wobbled last week, they were mindful of the slow and fractious response to Greece's slide before a bail-out was finally cobbled together in May.	然而，在愛爾蘭上週踉蹌之際，他們惦記着各方對希臘危機的緩慢且不和的迴應。對希臘的紓困方案最終於5月份拼湊完成。
Dr Kraabel began as an editor with the Edanz Group in 2008.	2008年開始爲理文編輯工作，擔任編輯。
Hi-Fi, Hi-Fun, Hi-Fashion, only from Sony.	高保真，高樂趣，高時尚，只來自索尼。
Improved yield and selectivity are observed while applying this technology on diazo- coupling reactions.	該技術在重氮化、偶合反應中的應用，取得了高於常規反應器的收率和純度。
'I haven't had any success as yet, but I'm confident that by the end of the day I will find a guy to take me out. I'm very determined.	雖然目前還沒有釣上鉤的人，但我很有自信，今天總會有個男孩想要和我約會，我決心已決。
It can be big with lot’s of people and balloons or just a small one with a few select friends.	它可以是有很多人和氣球的大型派對，也可以只是好友專場。
Jia-wen Luo do the experimental investigation and make a research summary and finish the research report.	由羅家文進行實驗探究並將成果彙總並製成研究報告。
He self-reflected and decided to decrease the stress and clean up his diet, looking beyond the status quo.	他能自我反醒並決定減少壓力和調整飲食，改變現狀。
"It is an investment," he said, as he stretched his arms the width of the room, laying his palms flat on opposite sides of the wall.	他表示：“買下這房其實是一筆投資。” 斯科特伸開雙臂衡量房間的寬度，他的兩隻手輕易就能觸到兩邊的�壁。
By clarifying that these services are implementable in different environments and easily integrated, MDA represents our goal of universal integration: it becomes a global information appliance.	通過澄清這些服務可以在不同環境中實現並且很容易集成，MDA 代表了我們的通用集成目標：成爲一種全球性信息設施。
The workbench machine should be used only for workbench activity, such as creating tests and distributing the performance load to run on remote machines.	工作臺及其應當僅被用作工作臺活動，例如創建測試、將性能負載分配到遠程機器上運行。
Because the amendment tries to govern social behavior, he said, "some details cannot be set forth very clearly. " He suggested some lawsuits might end in supervision or mediation.	他還說，由於這一修正案針對的是一項社會行爲，一些細節不可能描述的很詳盡。他建議一些案件可以通過監督或調和來解決。
Harold Evans, in his book They Made America, charges that Gates essentially stole the software.	哈羅德•埃文斯Harold Evans在他的《他們創造了美國》《They Made America》一書中稱，蓋茨的DOS軟件實際上是抄襲基爾代爾的。
US scientists have invented elastic high heels with springs placed at the back. Scientists of New York University stated the high-heels were modeled on the claws of the Indian leopard.	美國紐約大學的科學家發明出一款後跟安置了彈簧的高跟鞋。
BA's safety record is especially commendable given how many different types of aircraft the company has flown since its 1974 launch, from Vickers Vanguard turboprops to Concorde supersonic jets.	自1974年成立以來，英國航空推出過許多不同機型，其中包括維克斯先鋒渦輪螺旋槳飛機和協和超音速客機。
I closed the window. I combed his long, black hair from his forehead.	我關上窗，爲他梳理了額頭長長的黑髮。
Controlling the comfort of tall building due to wind induced vibration is important for structure design.	高層建築風振舒適度的控制是結構抗風設計的一項重要內容。
The way will be the whole-part of kind, general-particular and example joining to apply in databases design.	這一方法是把類的整體與部分關係、一般與特殊關係和實例連接應用到數據庫設計中。
Analyzing the activity of this repair pathway could guide treatment for cancer patients, Chen said, with the platinum-based therapies used when the cross-linking repair mechanism is less active.	Junjie Chen教授認爲，對這個修復過程的分析將有助於指導腫瘤患者的治療，比如，若腫瘤細胞交聯修復處於相對靜息狀態，就可以使用以鉑爲基本結構的化療藥物對患者進行治療。
Aspatria was a colony of Plumbland from 1610 until its independence.	佩 特里亞從1610年到獨立以前是布朗布島的殖民地。
sought to determine just how often wrong-site, wrong-patient or wrong-procedure errors still occur.	《外科檔案》公佈的最新研究意在查找錯誤的部位、錯誤的病人或是錯誤的步驟仍會發生的頻率。
Israel: Realigning to Ground Zero for our Covenant Blessings	以色列：爲了我們的盟約祝福來重整原點
The research results indicate that the friction pair of ceramic plating ring and cylinder liner has stable and excellent tribological properties, whose wear-resistant quality show obvious improvement;	研究結果表明，陶瓷複合鍍層活塞環-缸套摩擦副具有穩定和優良的摩擦學特性，耐磨性大幅度提高；
玛雅人认为他们祖先基本上是从玉米进化而来的，由黄玉米与白玉米面团做成的。	The Maya believed that their ancestors essentially came from corn, and they were formed of yellow and white maize dough.
I parked at the La Plata Trailhead and walked to the nearby bridge that crosses Lake Creek.	我把車子停泊在拉普拉塔特雷爾黑德，步行到附近橫跨湖河的橋上。
Administrators in police academies should make use of strict administration and loving care education to achieve a good effect in view of this situation.	針對這種情況，公安院校學員管理工作者應採取嚴格管理與關愛教育相結合的辦法，方能收到良好的效果。
Many disaster will happen every day in the world.	在這個世界上，天天都邑發生很多災難性的工作。
I just came from a fruit market.	我剛從一個水果市場來。
Amorphophallus Campanulatus Powder, Soya Bean Fibre, Starch, Vegetarian Seasoning.	魔芋粉，大豆纖維，澱粉，素食調味料。
Conflicts can appear after accepting a change set from a work item or another workspace's or stream's history.	當從工作項或另一個工作區的或流的歷史中接受變更集之後，可能出現衝突。
Michael, Ishpah, and Joha were sons of Beriah.	米迦勒、伊施巴、約哈都是比利亞的兒子。
The nozzle (52) of a syringe (50) is inserted into a recessed part (122) formed at the tip part (121) of the side filling tube part and a saline is filled therein for flushing.	在形成於側注管部的前端部（121）上的凹部（122）中插入注射器（50） 的噴嘴（52）並注入生理鹽水，從而進行沖洗。
Analogy stickle into the column, do not know to follow the changes in the form of opinion or approach to change.	比喻拘泥成列，不知道跟着形式的變化而改變看法或辦法。
He supervises the safety and organisation in full cooperation with the QHS manager.	他將與質量、健康、安全經理一起合作監督組織的安全。
This essay mainly inquires into Mao Duns writing thought and motivation image of the characters and image modeling in his early novel writing career.	本文主要探討茅盾早期小說創作在創作思想與動機、人物形象塑造手法三個方面的特徵。
This effect is not present on the T5220 box (case 1 is always slightly faster than case 2, regardless of the number of elements).	這種效應在 T5220 機器上不存在（無論使用多少個元素，第一種情況總是比第二種情況快一點兒）。
The Oedipus business comes nearer to home.	伊迪帕斯在朝家的方向走。
Golf clubs are popular in and around Port St. Lucie, which is home to the Professional Golf Assn.	在聖露西港內及周邊地區，高爾夫俱樂部很受歡迎，是職業高爾夫球總會所在地。
Bearings allow the shaft to turn while permitting the housing to remain still.	軸承允許傳動軸轉動的同時允許殼體保持靜止。
That's the lowest -ranking officer position in most banks.	助理司庫是大多數銀行中主管級別中最低的一級。
A carnival theme park will open beside the National Stadium, or Bird's Nest, in Beijing around March 18, the Beijing Youth Daily said on Sunday.	據《北京青年報》8日報道，北京國家體育場旁邊的遊樂園鳥巢嘉年華已經進入質檢階段，預計本月18日前後開幕。
The focus of this year's commemoration –achieving social protection for all –is critical to building fairer, more inclusive and equitable societies.	今年紀念活動的重點是實現人人均享社會保護，這一點對建設更公正、更具包容性和更公平的社會至關重要。
By concentrating on different aspects of their stroke mechanics, from hip rotation and kick patterns, to streamlining and pulls, regular swimmers practice this intuitively.	通過專注他們劃臂動作的力學原理的不同層次，從髖部用力到踢水模式，再到身體流線型和深吸，一般游泳者都會直觀地練習這個。
Unified internal market, centralized money and tend harmonious economic policy exhibited great plan to lay solid foundation again in 21 centuries for the European Union.	統一的內部市場，統一的貨幣和趨於協調的經濟政策爲歐盟在21世紀再展宏圖奠定了堅實的基礎。
"Zhang, who clearly relishes his reputation for success, would appear to still feel the sting of that very public failure," the cable concluded.	電文總結說，張國寶明顯是津津樂道他的成功的聲譽，但似乎還是能感覺到被公開的失敗刺痛。
Product have beautiful and unique model, and have reasonable price, which is the first choice for star-rated hotels and families.	產品晶瑩剔透、造型美觀獨特、價格合理實惠，是星級賓館、酒店及家庭的理想選擇。
Gal. 2:13 And the rest of the Jews also joined him in this hypocrisy, so that even Barnabas was carried away in their hypocrisy.	加二13 其餘的猶太人，也都隨著他裝假；甚至連巴拿巴也被牽引，和他們一同裝假。
Full-range quality service is the intrinsic requirement and value of knowledge economy.	全過程精誠服務是知識經濟的內在要求和價值取向；
Smoking prematurely ages skin by wearing away proteins that give it elasticity, depleting it of vitamin A and restricting blood flow.	吸菸使令皮膚有彈性的蛋白質流失，耗盡體內維生素A及阻礙血液流通，從而使皮膚過早老化。
This primitive culture is the Central China Plain culture represented by the culture of the Xia Dynasty.	能夠顯示這種共同原始思維的原始文化就是以夏文化爲核心的中原文化。
Not long after, Eric's colleague, Jesse, brought me a plate of freshly made guacamole with chips for dipping -- a delicious and healthy afternoon snack, made from local avocados.	沒過一會兒， 艾瑞克的同事傑西就給我送來一盤薯片，還有用當地自產牛油果製成的蘸醬——真是又可口又健康的下午茶點。
"that is certainly like" sun da dun cang's look in the eyes a bright, have some to worry again:"but you, you can not hold up ……"	“那當然好了”孫大倉眼神一亮，又有些擔心的：“可是你，你不能耽誤了……”
The insoluble and colloidal nickel hydroxide formed in electroplating is the main cause for the deterioration of bath and plating.	在電鍍過程中所產生的不溶的、膠態狀的氫氧化鎳是造成鍍液和鍍層質量惡化的主要原因。
We decide to make the temporary deadline on June 1st because we wonder if we can finish this plan on time.	我不知到時是否能完成該計劃，所以我們先把最後期限暫定爲六月一號。
They climb walls, leap off buildings and spy on enemies.	它們會爬牆，能跳下大樓，還能暗中監視敵人。
He looked baffled and hungry, and Archer reflected that he would probably finish his meal on Ellen Olenska.	他臉色沮喪，樣子很餓。 阿切爾心想，他很可能要靠談論埃倫·奧蘭斯卡來充飢了。
So what happens in the very likely event they find more tainted products?	那麼，如果在整治中發現了更加有害的產品呢？
They seemingly have no interest in becoming a public face for advertising purposes or as industry spokespersons.	他們似乎無意成爲公衆人物，成爲公司市場營銷的一部分或是行業的代言人。
He transacts business with a large number of stores.	他與很多商店進行交易。
The condition adaptable to air exhaust using Venturi tube was analyzed, and then the basic principle on the design and calculation was presented.	對文氏管排氣的適用條件進行了分析計算，提出了設計計算的基本原則；
I have worked with musicians' logotypes and identities.	我一直有爲音樂人（詞作者）的成語鉛字和個性特質工作。
Today, Japan, America, Canada, and Britain all import a large amount of tamarind powders each year.	現在，日本、美國、加拿大、英國每年都要進口大量的工業用酸角種子粉末。
Sucess depends on your endeavor and capability.	成功與否取決於你的努力和能力。
Then a Turkish man behind the counter will ask for what you like, say “Döner Kebab” (pronnounced “donor”) or add the word “Dürum” (pronnounced “doorum”) before it, for your burrito like wrap.	然後櫃檯後的土耳其男人會問你想要點什麼，比如說“Döner Kebab”（發音“donor”，意思是烤全羊）或者在前面加個詞“Dürum”（發音“doorum”），如果你的玉米煎餅要包裝的話。
Q: Japanese Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda met with visiting Philippine President Aquino on September 27 and released a joint statement on safety and navigation freedom of the South China Sea.	問：日本首相野田佳彥27日與到訪的菲律賓總統阿基諾會晤並發表涉及南海安全及航行自由等內容的聯合聲明。
SC-SOFC relies on the selectivity of anode and cathode electrocatalysts to separate the electrochemical oxidation of fuel and reduction of oxidant.	它是利用陽極和陰極對工作氣體的選擇性電催化的差異來工作的。
Firstly, he discussed the connection of the ability, the position, and the time of a hexagram. Through this discussion, he built a characteristic Yi-ology Form of his own.	許衡從論述一卦六爻之才、位、時的關係入手，建立自己的易學體系；
And in another blow to publishers, customers will have the option not to share their details -- name, e-mail address and ZIP code -- with the publisher.	對出版商的另一個打擊就是客戶可以選擇不將自己的個人信息，包括名字、電子郵件地址和郵編提供給出版商。
In the absence of real-world information, you're going to invest tremendous emotional energy in what you find online.	由於缺少真實世界的信息，你將投入巨大的情感精力於你在網絡上所發現的信息上。
A new genus and some new species of Bambusoideae from China.	文章題目 中國竹亞科一新屬及若干新種。
It's necessary for us to net the currant bushes.	我們有必要用網蓋上紅醋栗樹。
But even when defence is included, discretionary spending is less than 40% of the total.	但即使包括國防，可任意支配的開支還是少於總開支的40%。
"Transformers:Revenge of the Fallen" was picked as last year's worst picture at Saturday's Razzies, and Sandra Bullock won worst actress for "All About Steve".	一年一度的“金酸梅獎”於上週六揭曉，《變形金剛：捲土重來》獲評最差影片，桑德拉。布洛克憑藉影片《關於史蒂夫的一切》獲封最差女主角。
The controller component aggregates all of the retrieved data into a set of business objects for display.	控制器組件將所有獲得的數據進行彙總，組成一系列業務對象用於顯示。
E-Business faces not only the security problem but also the problem of overload traffic. This paper introduces the need of load balancing as well as techniques related to load balancing.	電子商務的發展不僅面臨着安全問題，網絡負載的均稀也是一個同樣需要關注的問題。
Occasionally, a follicle doesn't open to release the egg or recloses after releasing the egg and swells with fluid, forming an ovarian cyst.	但在某些時候，卵泡不破裂釋放卵細胞或者在釋放卵細胞後再次關閉，這種結構裏依然充滿了液體，這樣就形成了一個卵巢囊腫。
He pillaged the country of its treasures and of its best people.	他掠奪了這個國家的財富和百姓中的精英。
A preliminary study on the flora of the Qingliangfen Natural Reserve of She County, Anhui Province.	Title 安徽省歙縣清涼峯自然保護區植物區系的初步分析。
In addition, SKF Bearings has provided in advance or LGFP2 installed LGFB2 24 single point automatic lubricators.	另外，SKF軸承目前還提供已經提前裝好LGFP2或者LGFB2的24單點自動潤滑器。
OBJECTIVE To establish a LC-MS-MS method for the determination of ramiprilat and its active metabolite ramiprilat in the human plasma.	目的建立LC-MS-MS法測定人血漿中雷米普利及其活性代謝產物雷米普利拉的濃度。
The pity of it is that an intelligent man appears to have been seduced by the sound of his own voice.	不幸的是，這位智者似乎被自己的聲音誤導了。
As soon as you prove to be good, you will get more followers.	如果事實證明你還不錯，必定會有更多追隨者。
This machine is mainly used to loosen the loose fiber before drying like loose cotton, wool, chemical fiber etc. , make the fibers to be loose and improve the drying efficiency effectively.	該機主要用於散纖、棉、羊毛、化纖類的散毛烘乾前的開鬆之用，使其散毛纖維經過開鬆後，能夠有效的提高烘乾效率。
Micoud: This is a very special moment for all of us, and especially for our fans.	米庫：這對我們來說是個特殊的時刻特別是對我們我們的球迷來說。
Buddhism as the state religion, more than 95% of the inhabitants believe in Buddhism, Muslim Chams, a city resident catholic.	佛教爲國教，95%以上的居民信奉佛教，佔族信奉伊斯蘭教，少數城市居民信奉天主教。
How can each failure be triggered / simulated (e.g. deploying code with a deliberate bug, using a debugger to hang the application)?	每種失效如何觸發/模擬（例如部署一段有錯誤的代碼、使用調試器中止應用程序）？
I believe that the Expo would surely be the same as the Olympic Games a complete success, has become so difficult for other countries to replace the state, win glory for the whole of Dhellona!	我相信，世博會，肯定是會爲奧運會同樣有哪些明星是富二代取患上圓滿樂成，已成爲其他國度，使國度難於取代，博患了全中國的榮耀！
And while Venables admits he is devastated for the player he is backing Owen not to let the injury beat him.	同時維納布爾斯承認這對一個球員是毀滅性的，但他會一直支持歐文去戰勝這次的傷病。
The current states of mechanical drive boosting injection pump and the structural characteristics of the hydraulic drilling pump are analyzed.	分析了機械驅動增壓注水泵在使用過程中存在的問題，論述了開發液壓增壓注水泵的必要性及設計方案。
I hadn't paid the telephone bill.	我還沒交電話費。
He quickly put on his jeans and a red and white T-shirt, swallowed his breakfast, grabbed his bag and caught the first bus to school.	他迅速穿上牛仔褲和紅白相間的T恤衫，很快地吞下早餐，抓起書包，坐上了第一班去學校的車。
"Oddness ……" Lucy Ni mutters and continues to stare at 12 places that leak ash powder and try to make understand is what caused ash powder's suddenly dropping to drop down.	“奇怪……”露西妮喃喃自語着，繼續盯着一兩處漏灰粉的地方，試圖搞明白是什麼導致了灰粉突然掉落下來。
The principles of the LVDT, the phase-sensitive detector and the triangular wave generator are briefly illustrated in this paper. A practical LVDT readout.	本文簡單介紹了LVDT、相敏檢波器和三角波發生器的工作原理及自行設計的一種實用的LVDT相敏檢波讀出電路。
Like an elite division with a bright flag, spring beauties up as long prayerful wishes.	春天有如旌旗鮮明的王師，因長期虔誠的企盼祝禱而美麗起來。
The company’s founder, Tim Westergren, said in a blog post: “For more than two years now I have been eagerly anticipating the day when I could finally write these words: the royalty crisis is over.”	公司創始人Tim Westergren在他的博客上說：“我已經焦急的期待了兩年了，終於等到了我可以說‘版權費危機結束了’這一天！”
Scientists have been surprised by the findings, which show that some islands have grown by almost one-third over the past 60 years.	科學家們已因發現而感到吃驚，它顯示一些島嶼在過去60年已增長差不多三分之一。
Comparisons between LED and traditional lighting about the output, life time, costs and more …	比較LED燈跟傳統燈的分列，他們的光通亮輸出、壽命、成本等等…。
Life won't always turn out the way you want.	生活並不總會如你所願。
Two cases of cholera, one of which has ended fatally, have occurred here.	這裏發生過兩起霍亂病例，其中一人已經死亡。
I can't begin to count the times when I've said something, or written something, that I wished I could retract.	數典自己說過、寫過的那些後來希望能收回的東西簡直會讓我無法開口。
She slipped ( over ) (on the ice ) and broke her leg.	她（在冰上）滑了一跤把腿摔斷了。
Government contractors sometimes are called on to provide additional support during major preparedness exercises.	在主要的戰備演習中，政府承包商經常被要求提供額外的支持。
Earp-Thomas also discovered that if plants are starved for a particular nutrient they will still grow to maturity by substituting other elements.	厄普-托馬斯還發現如果植物極其需要特定的養分，它們仍然會用其他的元素代替來生長成熟。
Database of natural disasters in the Yangtze Basin, which covers meteorological disaster, bio-disaster, geo-disaster, etc. happened in the Yangtze Basin;	長江流域自然災害數據庫，收錄了長江流域發生物氣象災害、地質災害、生物災害等各類自然災害；
Methods On the Day 17 after being infected with Trichinella spiralis , pre encysted larvae were collected and total RNA of the larvae was obtained.	方法 大鼠感染旋毛蟲後第 17天收集成囊前期幼蟲 ，提取蟲體的總RNA。
The pattern was recreated. But how? Here is an illustration. One of my clients (who gave me permission to tell this story) was confused by a dream he had about his spouse.	該模式是重新創建的。但又是如何創建的？下面要對此作出一些說明。我的一位委託人（他允許我來講述他的故事）曾一度爲一個關於他配偶的夢所困擾。
The bio-chemical treatment of chemical fiber airlift type circulating reactor was studied.	本文考察了氣升式環流反應器生化處理化纖廢水的效果。
Every seafarer has a right to health protection, medical care, welfare measures and other forms of social protection.	每一海員均有權享受健康保護、醫療、福利措施及其他形式的社會保護。
The huge benefit I see with menu planning is the money I save, because I buy what I need, no more and no less, and therefore don't waste food, or pick up items I don't need.	從菜單計劃中我獲得巨大的好處就是節約開支。 因爲我只買我需要的東西，不多不少，因此不會浪費食物，或者是挑選一些我不需要的東西。
But in this part, internal waves' mode functions and mode coefficients are extracting from experimental data at the same time.	而本方法只基於實驗數據可以同時提取內波模態函數及其模態係數。
Fiber will also help regulate the appearance of cellulite.	纖維也會幫助控制脂肪團的形成。
In the CCTV "heart to heart" show sympathy, which is not imposing this song?	在CCTV“心連心”慰問演出中，哪首歌沒有氣勢呢？
The dissertation explores these questions respectively in perspective of theory and experiment, and probes into some original and creationary means.	本論文從理論與實證角度，探討上述問題，並對刻意訓練理論的研究方法與範式作了較有創造性的探索。 本論文分爲七章。
It is one of the key projects supported by the Shanxi govement and has also got bauxite reserve support.	它是山西省政府扶持的重點工程之一併已經得到充足的鋁土礦保證。
Alan Hansen believes Pepe Reina's form has put him firmly in contention for Liverpool's player of the season award.	阿蘭-漢森認爲雷納的狀態讓他力奪今年利物浦最佳球員。
That's easier said than done, of course.	當然，知易行難。
With a base V-6 engine that produces 312 horsepower, it should face off nicely against the Mustang in stop-light drag races.	它搭載了一款312馬力的V6發動機，應該可以與福特野馬在短程加速賽中一較高下。
The positive side effect is, that the seed of Roridula can be stored for many years.	這個特性，可以讓捕蟲樹的種子保存數年。
Your shortstop will never forget about practice again.	您的游擊手將永遠不會忘記的再實踐。
We were kept on tenterhooks for hours while the judges chose the winner.	我們坐立不安了好幾個小時，等着裁判們決定獲勝者。
The remains of a Stone Age village built about 3100 BC can be seen at Skara Brae in the Orkneys.	在奧克尼羣島的斯卡拉布雷，可以看到石器時代一個村落的遺址，該村落大約是在公元前3100年建造的。
On the grounds of modern emergency medicine, defibrillation has to be performed in combination with CPR.	根據現代急救理念，電除顫必須與心肺復甦聯合應用。
The component of a sample is analyzed by means of the self-absorption correction.	最後，應用這一自吸收修正形式進行了簡單的核素分析。
I grant that yours are of better quality.	我授與你的是有較好的質量。
We enclose herewith a check on the bank of china, london, for the amount of the goods we ordered on april 12th.	茲隨函附上一張由倫敦中國銀行照付的支票，以支付我方4月12日訂貨之款項。
Would my take you hand, would you understand Just how I feel?	我能牽起你的手感受我的內心嗎？
The structure of water inlets of a marine scoop cooling system has a significant effect on the navigation of ships and the cooling efficiency of condensers.	船舶自流冷卻系統進水口的結構對船舶航行和凝汽器冷卻效果具有顯著影響。
And Henry Ford was planning a low-cost version which even more people could buy.	並且亨利福特設計了低價版本的汽車，這樣更多的人會買得起。
because I went to a school that had only maybe five or six other Asian people besides me,	因爲在我以前上的一個學校裏，除了我之外，僅有五六個亞洲人，
The infants with trouble temperament and middle-trouble temperament and slow-to-warm-up temperament were inclined to appear infant's milk switching difficulty in weaning period.	麻煩型、中間偏麻煩型和發動緩慢型氣質嬰兒較易發生換乳期食物添加困難，添加困難的發生與心境、適應性、持久性、注意分散和反應閾等維度明顯相關。
Azure coast is renowned developers from Shenzhen excellent investment for the group, their commitment to provide the owners with a good environment and supporting community services.	蔚藍海岸是由深圳着名地產商卓越集團投資興建的，他們致力於爲業主提供良好的社區環境和配套服務。
Coriolis acceleration is a nodus in general mechanics.	科里奧利加速度在普通物理力學中是一難點。
The image here is a particularly cruel one-throwing that former colleague, friend or supporter under the wheels of a moving bus.	打個很形象但相當殘忍的比喻——就像把以前的同事、朋友或者支持者扔到正在行駛的公車車輪下。
There is also a Children's Corner in our zoo.	動物園裏還有個兒童樂園。
The negotiation is undergoing for water allocation plans of the Daling River Basin and the Huolin River Basin in the Songliao River basin.	鬆遼流域的大淩河流域、霍林河流域省（自治區）水量分配方案的制定，已進入協調階段。
Once the plant has broken above the soil, they can watch the daily growth of the sprouts.	一旦種子破土而出，他們就能每天觀察幼芽的生長情況。
Summarized project and particularity of relay protection & auxiliary power control design for 600MW grade turbine generator sets recently years and advice of author offered.	根據近年來多個600MW級以上容量等級的火電機組繼電保護及廠用電設計方案，總結機組電氣設計方案的特點，並提出了作者的觀點。
Basically channels and containers can be used in all scenarios where a client needs to send or receive a large amount of data (> 32KB).	一般而言，管道和容器可用於所有客戶端需要接收或發送大量數據（大於 32KB）的場景。
In order to improve the production efficiency of the clothing manufacturing industry, it must combine the body measure, pattern design and clothing making of traditional clothing production.	網絡服裝定製可以提高我國服裝製造業的生產效率，需要將傳統服裝定製過程中的人體測量，紙樣設計及服裝加工等環節結合起來。
Side-to-Side Movements.	側向運動。
What I do is a Micro Controller Unit correspondence blast-off device, it can show the digital signal, and also can send out the signal .	本設計所做的是單片機串行通信發射機，它能顯示數字信號，還能將信號發射出去。
In 755 A. D. Maya Priests prophesied the total solar eclipse of July 11, 1991 would herald two life altering events for humankind: Cosmic Awareness and Earth Changes. Shortly after 1:00 P.	公元755年，瑪雅祭司預言了1991年7月11日的整個日蝕會傳達兩種生命的意義，是爲人類改變的事件：宇宙意識和地球的轉變。
A case of the sads is often best addressed with a bowl of ice cream, a bag of Cheetos or whatever is the comfort food of your choice.	如果情緒低落，可能你認爲最好的解決方法就是吃掉一大桶冰欺凌，一包奇多，或任何你覺得可以撫慰你心靈的食物。
But Dan ren was grandpa group as the jade stone en life, is not suitable for work in the high-profile, so choose to join the police without inheritance grandpa mantle.	但丹仁曾被外公批爲「石中隱玉」命，並不適合從事高調工作，故選擇加入警隊而沒有繼承外公衣鉢。
The ML-ELOG mechanism might elucidate the reason for threading dislocation reduction.	我們提出了多階層側向磊晶（ML-ELOG）機制以解釋穿透缺陷減少的原因。
Who cut the strings, so Duanchang impact of the song.	是誰剪斷了琴絃，彈着如此斷腸的曲。
Based on his research and experiment, the author has built up a practical model for evaluation with the Growing-up Portfolio for Chinese Learning in the setting of New Curricular Criterion.	作者在文獻查閱和實驗研究的基礎上，初步構建了一套切實可行又具較強可操作性的新課標背景下的語文學習成長記錄袋評價模式。
The study in which Cymbalta didn't beat the placebo also included a lower (20 milligram) dose of Cymbalta, as well as the 60 milligram dose, 120 milligram dose, and placebo.	而那項欣百達未能打敗安慰劑的研究中，包含更低的20mg欣百達劑量組，以及60mg欣百達、 120mg欣百達和安慰劑。
She also mentions later to leaning toward D'Addario Jazz Lights and loved them because they were free.	她還提到後來對德達達里奧爵士燈傾斜和親人，因爲他們是免費的。
The clustering method uses curve-fitting to implement the text clustering by auto threshold-detection means, and complete the whole clustering process through result revising phase.	該聚類算法通過曲線擬合技術來實現文本的自動閾值確定和聚類劃分，並最終通過聚類間的迭代和結果修正來完成整個聚類過程。
This paper introduces rockburst in Xinwen mining area, analyzes some factors of rockburst, Puts forward some ways of forcasting and controling.	文章介紹了新汶礦區衝擊地壓現狀，分析了產生衝擊地壓的主要原因，提出了衝擊地壓預測與防治對策。
Garden Cottages are a favorite of brides for their wedding night.	花園的別墅是他們的新婚之夜新娘最喜愛的一種。
This Valentine's Day, Shanghai banker Richard Fan will be buying his wife a 40,000 yuan (US$5,100) Cartier wrist watch.	上海某銀行的高級職員Richard Fan爲妻子準備的情人節禮物是一塊價值4萬元的卡迪亞腕錶。
Miss Athill did not keep the letters she received from Mr Field.	阿西爾女士並沒有保留菲爾德先生寫給她的信件。
And the basic concept of responsibility government, law government, transparent government, it is the jumping-off place that people analysis judges.	而責任政府、法治政府、透明政府的基本理念，則是人們分析判斷的出發點。
Like, um, in our Psych. class, we set up an experiment to study how memory works,	嗯，我們在心理班做一個實驗，研究記憶是怎麼運行的，
Theoretical analysis and tests have shown that the prospects for the engineering application of the plate thickener are bright, and it can counteract the weaknesses of the "gravity sett…"	通過理論分析和試驗表明，板片式增稠器的工程應用前景樂觀，可以彌補“ 重力沉降”和“ 離心分離、 絮凝沉降”技術的不足。
Partners are less likely to feel ignored or disrespected.	同伴也不容易感到被忽視或者不受尊重。
The author deals with the connecting link graph of the quasifourbar straight-line guiding mechanism with regulating rod;	討論了帶調節杆的類四桿直線導路機構連桿曲線；
As part of this strategy, 52 new and high-tech industrial development zones of the state-level have been founded after the establishment of special economic zones (SEZ).	作爲這一戰略的重要組成部分，我國繼建立經濟特區之後，又相繼在各省成立了52個國家級高新技術產業開發區。
"I'm so glad to see you, " said Carrie, pleased and yet nonplussed.	“看見你我太高興了，”嘉莉說，既高興又爲難。
"More than any other subject, weight is delicate, " Maddison said.	“體重問題比其他問題都要微妙，”麥迪遜說。
Some desires are formed as the result of rational thought pro-  cesses.	有些慾望在理性的思考後產生。
LX, do you see in the Internet.	樓下的，又看見你在上網了。
I mean, we all need to take a dump at least once a day, and decent paper would go a long way toward making this exercise more enjoyable.	我的意思是，我們每天都至少需要如廁一次，好的衛生紙對使這件事變得更舒服大有幫助。
And indeed it was something very different - the bones of a human skeleton , a few pieces of clothing still on it . Cold fear filled every heart .	的確是件完全不同的事，地上有一具死人的骨架，上面還留着一些衣服的碎片，每個人心裏都一陣顫慄。
From 1980 until 1994, when Mosaic/Netscape emerged, Gates played a scratch game, parlaying his little "Micro- Soft" company into an empire that defined the PC Era.	從1980到1994年，當"馬賽克/網景"瀏覽器出現的時候，蓋茨賭了一把，成功地將他的"微型軟件公司"變成了一個定義PC時代的微軟帝國。
You can also determine the health of your database server from how many queries and updates, any slow queries, rollbacks, etc. Figure 3 shows some of the data available through phpMyAdmin.	您還可以通過查詢和更新的數量、變慢的查詢和回滾等確定數據庫服務器的健康狀況。 圖 3 顯示了一些可以通過 phpMyAdmin 獲得的數據。
"I would go for increased market share and restoring profitability," Nordberg told Reuters when asked where he hoped to see the company in one to two years.	當路透問道Nordberg對公司未來一兩年發展方向的期待時,他回答:"我希望市佔率上升,並恢復獲利."
Such as oily be soiled, coffee stains, tea stains, sauce oily be soiled, fruit juice stains, milk tea stains, lipstick, medical iodine stains, etc, to the fabric such as carpet won't cause damage.	如油漬、咖啡漬、茶漬、 醬 油漬、果汁漬、奶荼漬、口紅、醫用碘酒漬等，對地毯等織物不會造成損害。
Objective To investigate the pathological features and mechanism of light-induced photoreceptor injury.	目的探討視網膜光損傷後感光細胞病理學改變的特徵及其發生機制。
It regards the overall development of human beings as the ultimate values of development in the interests of the great majority of the people, which is the concentrated reflection of Marxism values.	它以實現最廣大人民利益爲出發點和歸宿點，把人的全面發展確立爲發展的終極價值，是馬克思主義價值觀的集中體現。
McDonald's and KFC use this kind of international business strategy to make their profit.	麥當勞和肯得及就是利用這種國際化策略來盈利的。
To friend, lawyer, doctor, tell plain your whole case, nor think on bad matters to put a good face:How can they advise, if they see but a part?	把整個情況向朋友、律師、醫生講清，別極力掩飾不好的方面：他們只見局部何以提出好的建議？
This means that s[:] is shorthand for s[0:len(s)]. [spec]	這意味着s[:]就是s[0:len(s)]的簡寫。
The Teeth. The teeth are large, sound, and regular, meeting In either a scissors or an even bite. A bite either overshot or undershot is a serious fault.	巨大、健康而整齊，剪狀咬和或鉗狀咬和。上顎突出式咬和或下顎突出式咬和都屬於嚴重缺陷。
All books are donated or bought at discounted price from various donors or book suppliers. Doulos has visited Hong Kong seven times.	所有書籍均由社會熱心人士贊助或以折扣價錢從書商購入，書展的收入會用於資助「忠僕號」的營運經費。
The media is filled with stories of how ‘one man (or woman) beat the odds and became success.’	充斥各大媒體的更都是講述那些如何抓住機遇獲得成功的故事。
Please also pray at 8 p. m. every Monday at Church or at home to join the "Heart-to-Heart Prayer Chain".	請大家於每個星期一晚上八時在教會或家中參與「心連心」的祈禱運動。
The key data values here are the key names, event types, and time entry.	此處的按鍵數據值包括鍵名、事件類型和時間條目。
Taking one of wharf's as an example, a practical solution to renovation of wharf's steel pilings anti-corrosion system is proposed which is proved effective in practice.	以某碼頭鋼管樁防腐蝕體系二次修復工程爲實例，總結出一套切實可行的技術方案及施工方法，解決了濱海碼頭鋼管樁防腐體系二次修復的難題。
The voter turnout was small and the margin tiny in contrast to the previous election hen the populist party swamped the opposition which was widely tout4ed as a pro-business lobby.	選民參選率很低，兩黨得票差額極小，這與上次選舉形成對照：在上次選舉中，平民當以壓倒多數的選票戰勝了反對黨，當時反對黨被大事張揚地說成是商界利益代言人。
One of a new breed of successful entrepreneurs, he balances commercial ambition with astute reading of the political tea-leaves.	作爲一個成功的企業家，他小心地在實現自己商業夢想的同時，時刻關注着政治局勢的風吹草動。
If Edgar Linton meets me, I shall not hesitate to knock him down, and give him enough to insure his quiescence while I stay.	如果埃德加·林惇遇見我，我將毫不猶豫地一拳打倒他，在我待在那兒的時候保證給他足夠的時間休息。
Still, I'd like to see more innovation in content aggregators on the iPad.	我依舊想在iPad內容聚合器上看到更多的創新。
This toilet soap lathers so nicely and has several fragrances.	這種香皂起泡很多， 並且有好幾種香味。
This merges and then configures the file using the properties for re-arranging packages and removes older SQL.	這會使用重新排列數據包和刪除舊 SQL 的屬性合併和配置文件。
The pub was built by Daisy Dodderidge around 1500 "to serve as a gateway between the non-wizarding world and Diagon Alley ( fw32)."	破釜酒吧由戴茜·多德里奇在大約1500年前建造，“作爲從常人的世界通向對角巷的入口（ fw32）”。
Put your silver jewelry on after your perfume and hair spray are dry.	如需噴灑香水或髮膠時請先將銀飾品那拿下，待香水或髮膠乾燥時再行佩戴。
His hero is in town for a concert Parsai helped organize with the Persian Student Association at the University of Toledo.	他的偶像來到了託利多城，準備參加一場由帕賽與託利多大學伊朗學生聯合會共同舉辦的音樂會。
When this happens, you don't feel anything at all, but you –literarily- have moved into another world.	值此發生你將無任何特殊感覺，但是你-字面上說-已經移入到了另一個世界。
They love to run about on the beach.	他們喜歡在海灘上跑來跑去。
Conclusion Emergency bedside temporary cardiac pacing through the left subclavicular vein guided by pacemaker impulse is rapid and ensures high success rate and safety.	結論由起搏脈衝引導、經左鎖骨下靜脈行緊急牀邊臨時心臟起搏起效迅速、成功率高且較安全。
When van Persie was asked by journalists prior to the World Cup which players he'd love to play alongside for his country, Kuyt's name was not mentioned - but the Liverpool man isn't losing any sleep.	當范佩西被問到本屆盃賽中他最喜歡和誰一起搭檔鋒線時，他沒有提到庫神的名字。但利物浦人對此不以爲然。
The IBM InfoSphere MashupHub provides many operators for transforming feed output.	IBM InfoSphere MashupHub 提供許多用來轉換 feed 輸出的操作器。
Toxicological safety of tartary buckwheat extracts (TBE) wasobserved by way of feeding TBE to mouse and rat.	通過給小鼠和大鼠投喂苦蕎提取物，觀察了苦蕎提取物的毒理學安全性。
In poorer areas teachers often go unpaid for months, and school buildings unrepaired.	貧困地區經常幾個月發不出教師工資，學校建築也沒法修。
In addition, they believe, for tapping there exists a critical cutting thickness (thread depth) value of the critical cutting thickness within the tapping can reduce the tapping torque.	此外，他們認爲，對於攻絲存在一個臨界切削厚度（螺紋深度）值，在臨界切削厚度的範圍內，攻絲能降低攻絲扭矩。
Resnick, a spunky woman with the swagger of a 20-year-old, overcame several hurdles to build the business.	雷茲尼克這女子神采奕奕，走起路來就像個昂首闊步的20歲年輕人，克服了重重困難才打造出一片天下。
Well, what it is is easily enough explained despite the sort of difficulty and thorniness of the word.	雖然我們遇到過很多困難和挫折,但這個問題很容易解答。
If the health food experts are right, you don't need to bother with the fruit bowl anymore.	如果食品專家所說的正確的話，我們就不需要吃水果盤了，只要每天倒一杯新鮮榨的櫻桃汁就可以了。
Use old newspaper to line your kitty litter box or your kitchen garbage can.	用舊報紙墊你的貓沙盒或廚房垃圾桶。
In this paper finite-part integrals in conjunction with boundary element method are used to analyze stress intensity factors for three-dimensional crack problems in Infinite Elastic Body.	將有限部積分和邊界元法運用到三維裂紋問題中進行應力強度因子的分析。
A Standish Report study showed only a 3% rate of success for projects over $10 million.	一份Standish報告研究表明，超過1千萬美元的項目，成功率只有3%。
Two of the most common narcolepsy symptoms (excessive daytime sleepiness and cataplexy ) seem to be connected to emotional state.	過度的日間睡眠和昏厥是兩種最常見的嗜睡症症狀，他們通常與人的情感狀態有關。
This will require developers to continue to leverage J2EE and general EAD best practices and layering patterns as a mean to overcome the shortfalls of this antipattern.	這將要求開發人員繼續利用 J2EE 和常見 EAD 最佳實踐及分層模式，將其作爲克服此反模式的缺陷的方法。
Since PostSharp works at MSIL level, it supports virtually all static languages targeting the .NET Framework.	因此PostSharp工作在MSIL層，它實際上支持所有.NET Framework的靜態語言。
This rule nullifies the "little brother" argument.	這條規則否定的“小兄弟”的論點。
The Christian Church had been concerned the development of counterpoint technique since counterpoint music come into being.	西方基督教教會自復調音樂產生以來，對復調技法的發展一直抱以十分關注的態度。
Re-registration and other issues.	重新登記和其他問題。
Since you have created a new messaging topology and JNDI resources, you need to restart the server.	自從您已經創建了一個消息拓撲與 JNDI 資源，您需要重新啓動服務器。
During Acros-Krik's many years in office, the lower levels of the Uscru District festered with illegal activity.	在阿克羅斯-克里克當區長的幾年裏，烏斯克魯區的下層充斥着違法行爲。
You know, Uncle Brendan, I am really glad you invited me here.	你知道，布萊登叔叔，我真的很高興你邀請我們來。
This is what man has always longed for and has sought through all religions and all political and social utopias .	這是人類一直渴望的，通過所有的宗教，所有的政治和社會烏托邦，在一直追尋的東西。
The gold abundance is also related to the type of mylonite, the feature of micro-fabric, the mechanism of quartz deformation and the size of strain.	而且含金構造中岩石的組構特徵、糜棱巖類型、應變幅度、石英變形機制與金礦富集程度都有密切的關係。
Time is not on our side. We need to keep moving forward and we need to move fast.	時不我待，我們必須不斷前進，行動迅速。
I needed to have a clear chat with him to see how he feels, whether he accepts competition for places. He does and he is ready for that.	我與他詳談過，來了解他目前的想法，即他是否接受隊內目前的競爭。他表示同意並且一切做好準備。
This paper focused on the improvements of power-input and techniques of electric arc furnace, which proposed the main points of designing and reconstructing the short net.	電弧爐短網的結構及其電參數的合理與否直接影響爐子的生產率、爐襯壽命、電效率及功率因數。
The results of CLL8 demonstrate that patients treated with MabThera lived longer without their disease progressing, reducing the number of frequent hospital visits.	CLL8研究結果表明，接受美羅華治療的患者疾病無進展生存期更長，並且減少了頻繁的醫院就診。
RE is no denying that the high-heeled foot in Sharon Stone's mouth at the Cannes Film Festival belongs to the actress herself.	毫無疑問的是，莎朗斯通在嘎納電影節上的口出狂言，都得由她自己來埋單。
The invention is concerned with the water cycle decorating equipment driving by cell, includes the water container and the pump equipment in the container.	本發明涉及一種電池驅動水循環的裝飾裝置，其包括盛水容器以及設 於該盛水容器內的抽水裝置。
They're less likely to nitpick about details that aren't relevant at this stage.	減少他們在與主題不相關的細節上的吹毛求疵。
And I heard the angel in charge of the waters say, "Just are you, O Holy One, who is and who was, for you brought these judgments."	我聽見掌管衆水的天使說：昔在、今在的聖者啊，你這樣判斷是公義的；
Maybe that's the right diagnosis.	也許這纔是正確的判斷
Through the regression analysis using the data from modeling tests, the formulae for predicting the spattering distances at different conditions of ground were fitted out.	利用模擬試驗取得的數據，通過迴歸分析，擬合出不同場地條件下煙囪觸地飛濺物距離的預測公式。
The paper introduces several anticorrosion techniques in Jiyuan oilfield of Changqing with examples. The structure and properties of water pipelines were summarized.	以長慶油田水管線內壁腐蝕爲例，主要介紹了在長慶姬塬油田使用的幾種水管線內表面防腐技術，並對結構和性能進行了總結。
about like 80 degrees.	大概華氏80度吧。
Compare the two values we found that they are anastomose essentially.	實驗室試驗數據與仿真結果比較，二者基本吻合。
The spectra analysis showed that porous silicon is the material with nano crystal structure, and photoluminescence of PS can be explained by the model of quantum restriction effect.	對不同實驗條件下所得到的多孔硅的拉曼光譜進行了分析，確認了多孔硅是具有納米晶結構特徵的材料，肯定了量子限制效應在多孔硅光致發光中的作用。
But long before that first burble or coo, babies are learning the elements of language.	而早在嬰兒咿呀學語之前，他們就已經開始學習自己母語的音調了。
Modern Chinese farmers engage in their farming as well as family handicraft. This has its historic necessity.	近代中國農民在經營農業的同時經營着家庭手工業，這有其歷史的必然性。
Here we investigate the effects of adenovirus-mediated gene therapy with interleukin (IL)-13, which is a cytokine with strong immunomodulatory properties, on acute renal allograft injury.	在此，我們研究了用白介素（IL）-13進行腺病毒載體基因治療的效果，白介素（IL）-13是一種在急性腎移植損傷中有強大免疫調節特性的細胞因子。
Though we have now asserted control over the world's biologists, there is no accounting for the unauthorised observations of farmers, gardeners, birdwatchers and other troublemakers.	現在雖然我們可以斷言控制了世界各地的生物學家，但是那些未經授權的農夫、園丁、鳥類觀察者和其他麻煩製造者不在其列。
In our consulting practice, we reverse the procedure.	在我們的諮詢實踐中，我們改變了程序。
Last year US rock band Bon Jovi had its first Chinese concerts summarily cancelled after officials learnt that a picture of the Dalai Lama had figured in a video backdrop five years earlier.	去年，美國搖滾樂隊邦•喬維（Bon Jovi）在中國的首演被取消，原因是中國官方得知，該樂隊5年前一次演唱會的視頻背景中出現了達賴喇嘛的照片。
If you're looking for a sports bra, jump up and down in the fitting room a couple of times to evaluate the bra's bounce control.	如果你選擇運動型胸罩，在試衣間蹦跳幾下可以測試出胸罩的反彈控制性如何。
I’ve specifically selected ideas that had no physical “product” but were so revolutionary that they still impact us today.	我特意選出了那些並沒有物質“產品”的革命性的觀念，它們對我們的影響持續至今。
Vincent:I've been working in the HR sector for quite long. I think nowadays many employers find a resume full of short stints a turn-off.	我在人力資源部也很久了，我覺得現在很多僱主並不喜歡看到一份履歷表裏面工作老是換個不停。
Prime Minister Ted Heath takes Britain into the European Community	1973年希思首相把英國帶入歐洲共同體。
Non-Hodgkin lymphoma: 104, 407 lives	非霍奇金淋巴瘤，死亡104 407例
Your responsibility is to find the will of God through scripture, though the revelation of scripture.	你的責任就是通過經文，通過對經文的啓示，參透上帝的意願。
The identification of plant samples using Fourier transform infrared spectrometer with OMNI collector is simple, convenient, fast and accurate.	應用OMNI採樣器傅里葉變換紅外光譜直接測定法鑑別植物樣品具有簡便、快速和準確的優點。
I'm looking desperately at the T.A. Is that right?	我在絕望地看着助教,沒算錯吧
METHODS HPLC was used to determine the dissolution rate of Yanshuangsan powder before and after super fine crushing with Indigo and glycyrrhizic acid as index.	方法：以靛藍和甘草酸溶出量爲指標，採用高效液相色譜法分別對超微粉碎前後咽爽散溶出量進行測定。
Note that the function can only access the list as an immutable sequence—that is, trying to modify the contents of the list results in an error.	注意，函數只能作爲不可變的序列訪問這個列表 — 也就是說，嘗試修改列表的內容會導致錯誤。
European banks, which have struggled to issue unsecured debt recently, have rushed to issue covered bonds to secure long-term financing.	近來一直在試圖發行無擔保債券的歐洲銀行則紛紛開始發行有資產擔保債券，以獲得長期融資。
Is your focus on productivity starting to make you feel miserable or stressed out?	如果你追求效能時開始感到痛苦或是精疲力竭？
A more recent story concerns a female &ldquo;cataphile&rdquo; who became separated from her friends while exploring the tunnels.	一個更近一些的故事是關於一個女性的“地下的菲爾”的。 她在探索地道的時候跟朋友走散了。
Authorities said they asked transport and shipping companies to curtail deliveries of nonessential goods and were offering alternate routes where possible.	主管部門說，他們要求交運公司減少非基礎物品的運輸，並在可能的情況下向其提供繞行路線。
Okay, we're naive, we're bright-eyed and bushy-tailed.	好吧，我們是很天真，我們又明亮的雙眼和毛絨絨的尾巴。
China highly values its relationship with Denmark and hopes the two sides can enhance mutually beneficial cooperation at various levels to press ahead with the bilateral relationship.	中國高度重視發展與丹麥的關係，希望不斷深化兩國各領域、多層面、全方位的互利合作，不斷推進兩國關係健康穩定向前發展。
In a country where corruption and suspicion are endemic, many believe that everything has a price, even favorable teacher recommendations and grade-point averages.	在一個遍地腐敗和充滿不信任的國家，很多人都認爲所有的東西，包括教師的推薦信和畢業平均分，都貼有價格標籤。
We should find a way to regroup before it is too late.	我們必需找到一個重整旗鼓的要領，要否則就要悔之晚矣啦！
"There's no question soccer will grow in this country. Remember, nothing spurs us on more than losing, " says Virginia Tech historian Lazenby, alluding to the USA's early exit from this World Cup.	“毫無疑問足球將能夠在這個國家發展，要知道，沒有什麼比失敗更能刺激我們，”弗吉尼亞工學院歷史學家Lazenby說，暗指美國隊在本次世界盃中的過早出局。
In the latter period, they were armed with Winchester rifles, clubs and knives.	在後階段，她們還配備了連發槍以及軍棍和軍刀。
"One moment seems like three years, such as, " is a beautiful miss distance training. "A wall between presenves love", is made from pure friendship.	“一日不見，如隔三秋”，是距離培養了美的思念。“君子之交淡如水”，是距離造就了清純的友誼。
There was no immediate response from China, but it has previously said it wants peace in the region while also insisting on its sovereignty over disputed areas.	中國尚未對此作出迴應，不過中國此前一直說，希望該地區實現和平，同時堅決主張中國對爭議地區的主權。
Winter 2009-2010 showed a new connectivity between mid-latitude extreme cold and snowy weather events and changes in the wind patterns of the Arctic; the so-called Warm Arctic–Cold Continents pattern.	冬天2009-2010之間呈中緯度新的連接極端寒冷和降雪天氣事件和北極的風的模式轉變。
That good for nothing never sends any money to his poor mother.	那個沒用的傢伙，從不給他可憐的母親送錢。
Thank God for giving me the opportunity to sing with the younger folks. Pray that I will be able to sing till Jesus comes.	感謝神讓我有這個機會和年輕的歌手在一起唱歌。希望神能夠讓我一直唱到主耶穌的再臨。
As you can see in  Figure 3 below, IBM sends the data to the partner in the format it expects it in, and the partner responds in the format IBM expects it in.	正如你在下面的  圖 3 所看到的那樣，IBM 用它期望的格式發送數據到合作伙伴，並且該合作伙伴用 IBM 所期望的格式作了響應。
Avoid Dangerous Locations: Some birding locations can be dangerous in the summer heat.	避開危險的位置：在夏季的高溫中，許多觀鳥的是危險的。
Corneal ulcers occur most often in patients who use extended-wear soft contact lenses.	角膜潰瘍最常發生於長期使用軟性角膜接觸鏡的病人。
The coke phenomena have been discussed in the reductive atmosphere on different temperatures.	討論了不同的爐溫下，在還原性氣氛的條件下的結焦現象。
The largest number of respondents in 2007 were familiar with blogging (62%), but by 2008, familiarity with social networks was the highest (70%).	2007年被調查機構最熟悉的社會媒介工具是博客（62%），而2008年這一桂冠讓給了社交網絡（70%）。
I believed that the mixture of religion and politics was dangerous.	意思是說政教合一是非常危險的。
Inter-VLAN traffic must cross the Layer 2 backbone to reach the router where it can move between VLANs. Traffic then travels back to the desired end station using normal Layer 2 forwarding.	VLAN 之間的傳輸必須跨越第二層骨幹以送達路由器，該路由器可以在VLAN 之間作資料傳送的工作，最後再以一般的第二層轉送機制將該資料送回目的地工作站。
Two-component LDV measurements in a turbulent boundary layer with zero pressure gradient have been performed.	利用二維LDV系統對零壓力梯度下光滑面和減阻溝槽面湍流邊界層流場進行對比測量。
Currently there are some issues concerning our legal proceedings for minor offences, such as imperfect system, unclear demarcations, incomplete procedures.	目前我國現行簡易訴訟程序中存在無完善體系、界限不清、配套不全等諸多問題。
Within this global survey, the Asian giants—together accounting for nearly 30% of global GDP measured at purchasing power parities—loom large.	在這份全球調查中，亞洲巨人們——以購買力平價計算，總共佔全球GDP的30%——屹立眼前。
She is the daughter of Sheila and Daniel Wolfson of Stamford, Conn.	她的父母是康涅狄格州斯坦福市的希拉和丹尼爾·沃爾森夫婦。
Using one-terminal data, the algorithm analyzes fault network by sequence networks method and get the formula of fault location, eliminating the effect of fault resistance.	該算法利用序網絡分解法對故障網絡進行分析，得到基於單端電氣量故障距離一般表達式，該算法消除了故障電阻的影響。
She landed a coveted vendor spot in the Beaverton Farmers Market in 1999.	1999年，她在比弗頓農貿市場拿到一個令人垂涎的攤位。
The fact that educated expatriates like the Moore sisters think of these youngsters in Liberia is a ray of light in this struggle, he adds.	他又說，像摩爾這樣受過教育的海外僑胞能夠關注這片土地上的這些小傢伙們，這是這場戰鬥中的一抹陽光。
And so Sarai took it upon herself to solve God’s problem.	撒萊在自己解決神的問題。
Experimental results show that a soil substrate containing waste crumb rubber with a small grain diameter has the best average water retaining capacity and stronger water retaining capacity.	實驗結果表明含廢膠粒徑小的土壤基質的平均保水力最好，具有較強的水分維持能力。
Objective To study the expression of endocrine gland-derived vascular endothelial growth factor(EG-VEGF) in patients with endometriosis(EM), and the role of EG-VEGF in pathogenesis of endometriosis.	目的探討內分泌腺特異性血管內皮生長因子（EG-VEGF）在子宮內膜異位症（EM）的表達及其在EM發生發展中的作用。
In choson, they fully exerted their acqierement wrote many poems in the responsory with the companies of Choson.	在朝鮮期間，他們充分發揮自己的才藝，與朝鮮文臣賡酬唱和，留下了許多詩文。
K :Excuse me, sir, but is this the way to Tivoli Gardens?	凱西 ：先生，打擾一下，這是到第凡尼樂園的路嗎？
The results have important guiding significance on the production safety of fertilizer-related enterprises.	研究結果對相關化肥企業的安全生產有指導意義。
All across town, stores sell Moutai’s distinctive white bottle, and chemical vendors shamelessly hawk additives that can turn run-of-the-mill homemade spirits into liquid gold.	整個鎮子裏，到處都有出售罐裝茅臺酒的獨特的白瓶，小販明目張膽地沿街叫賣，出售可將普通家制白酒變成黃金液體的化學添加劑。
China stands ready to earnestly implement the agreement together with Vietnam.	中方願與越方共同努力，認真落實協議。
I'm using exactly the same form to reduce this.	我用的同樣的方法來減少問題的規模。
Analysts say that co-opting Yahoo's search assets represents Microsoft's best hope to turn around its money-losing online business and to challenge Google Inc's (	分析人士指出,吸納雅虎的搜索資產,應該是微軟在線業務扭虧爲盈,同時挑戰谷歌GOOG.N在美國網絡搜索市場日益增長主導地位的的最大希望.
Well, yesterday morning I got up very late and I rushed to the bus stop, it was very crowdes there too.	昨天上午,我起得很晚,我衝到巴士站,這是非常也在那裏。
She looked away when she walked past the scene of the accident.	當她路過發生意外的案發現場時，她故意望向另一個方向。
The little child stammers in the presence of strangers.	那小阿在陌生人面前說話就結巴。
“He’s so... beautiful, ” Clare says.	“他是如此……美麗，”克萊爾說。
In John Szarkowski’s seminal book, “The Photographer’s Eye, ” Robert Capa is referred to as “the great war photographer.”	約翰·薩科夫斯基的重要著作《攝影師之眼》裏，羅伯特·卡帕被譽爲“最偉大的戰地攝影師”。
“I don’t think any of our students would say we have moved into a post-racial age,” Feldman said.	我不認爲我們的學生中有誰會說我們已經進入了一個後種族[歧視]時代。
And they protect against soil erosion by holding moisture in the ground.	樹木還能保持水分防止土壤侵蝕。
If I have seen further it is by standing on the shoulds of giants.	說：“如果我能夠看得遠些，那是因爲我站在巨人的肩膀上。”
Milos will be in Italy tomorrow for his medical and then we hope there can be the official announcement.	米洛斯將在明天抵達意大利並接受體檢，然後我們希望會有相關的官方聲明。
Mohammed bin Hamad al-Thani (Chairman of Qatar's Bid): Today we celebrate, but tomorrow the work begins. We acknowledge that there is a lot of work for us to do.	穆罕默德·本·哈馬德·阿爾扎尼（卡塔爾申辦委員會主席）：今天我們慶祝勝利，然而準備工作從明天就要開始了。我們明白，要做的工作還有許多。
And they are lots of fun to play with. They're very curious and a little shy of people.	跟它們在一起玩其樂無窮。它們非常好奇， 還有點怕人。
Then all kinds of statistics and memories will mean more to me.	那時，那些統計數據，那些回憶纔會對我而言意味着更多。
That was more than the median estimate in a Bloomberg survey for an increase of 12.1 percent.	超過了彭博社媒體估計12.1％的增長預期。
We do not have a bath tub, nor a shower on the train.	車上沒有浴盆，也沒有沐浴設備。
Can not arrange to rent the building unit a personnel accommodation not, forbid an offshore personnel(include HongKong-Macau the set afterbirth) to live.	不得安排非租房單位人員住宿，禁止境外人員（包括港澳臺胞）居住。
Objective In order to research the main causes of death and life-span of coal miners.	目的研究煤礦井下工人的主要死因及其對壽命的影響程度。
In strict accordance with the "Longmen shelf manual" operation conditions and operation sequence installation.	嚴格按照《龍門架使用說明書》的操作規定條件和作業順序進行安裝。
The threshold of soil moisture is 15% (account for 60% of the field water holding capacity), at which the leaf-air temperature difference affects illumination intensity and transpiration rate.	小麥葉氣溫差對光照強度的反應以及對葉片蒸騰速率影響的土壤溼度閾值爲15%（佔田間持水量的60%左右）。
There are three main blood types: A, B and O.	一共有三種主要的血型：A 婦、B 型及O 型。
New words can be created by attaching affixes onto a root word ( affixation ), formation of a compound word (composition), or repetition of words or portions of words (reduplication).	新詞產生，可用加詞綴於詞根、組成複合詞、或疊加整個詞或部份詞。
Happy Father's Day to all the Daddys in the World! !	向全世界所有的好爸爸道一聲：父親節快樂！
The notice from the ministry of industry and information technology covers 18 industries including steel, paper, cement and dyeing, according to Shanghai Securities News and other media.	根據上海業內新聞和其他媒體的透露：中國工業和信息化部的這一通知涵蓋了包括鋼鐵、紙業、水泥製造業和印染業等在內的18種類型的工業。
We had built a mathematical model of optimum-design of measuring-valve"s structure parameter. And compiled the program of optimum-design."	建立了對其結構參數進行優化設計的數學模型，並編制了其優化設計程序。
One could sense they had never been to the circus before. It promised to be a highlight of their young lives.	你可以感覺出他們以前從未看過馬戲表演，今晚看來會成爲他們幼小生命中的一段精彩時分。
The Miao Dragon Boat Festival differs from the Han celebration.	苗族的龍舟節，與漢族的龍舟節不同。
Some other drugs have to be taken on an empty stomach.	而其他某些藥物，必須在空腹服用。
And fire raised man above all animals .	火使人成爲萬物之靈。
When I got back to Santiago, I was an emotional train wreck. The feeling of loss was overwhelming. Most of the time I felt exhausted, empty, and cold.	當我回到聖地亞哥時，情緒像是一列失事的火車幾近失控。失落感壓倒性地主宰了我。大部分時間我會感到精疲力竭、空虛和淒涼。
PAHO member states today include 38 countries in North, Central and South America, and the Caribbean.	現在泛美衛生組織成員國包括北美、中美、南美和加勒比海地區的38個國家。
The U.S. Planck team is helping with this task, with a primary tool being the Franklin supercomputer at the National Energy Research Scientific Computing Center in Berkeley, Calif.	美國的普朗克小組正通過位於加州伯克利國家能源研究科學計算機中心的富蘭克林超級計算機爲這項任務提供幫助。
The study subject of this thesis is that WEB-based interactive Virtual Reality System, carrying on research in two parts of theory and technology.	本文選擇以“基於WEB的交互式虛擬現實系統”作爲研究對象，主要進行理論與技術兩部分研究。
Google's Street View offers ground-level, 360-degree views of streets in 12 Japanese cities and is also offered for some 50 cities in the United States and certain areas in Europe.	谷歌街景服務可以使互聯網用戶感受在地面以360度視角瀏覽日本12所城市，美國約50所城市及歐洲的一些地區。
The first time a user logs in, WebSphere Portal creates table entries for each new user, which slows down new-user logins.	用戶第一次登錄時，WebSphere Portal 爲每一個新用戶創建表單紀錄，這會減慢新用戶登錄的速度。
In the south the last weirwoods had been cut down or burned out a thousand years ago, except on the Isle of Faces where the green men kept their silent watch.	南方的魚梁木早在千年前便遭砍伐焚燒殆盡，只在千面嶼上還有“綠人”靜靜地看守。
Plus, the fuel input is essentially weapons-grade uranium, which is difficult to handle compared with the chemically stable material that powers most nuclear plants, namely uranium dioxide.	另外，其燃料實質上是武器級的鈾元素，相比多數核電站所用、化學上比較穩定的二氧化鈾更難處理。
It was in one of the wildest and loneliest parts of Kentucky, still one of the poorest of America's fifty states, that Abraham Lincoln was born on February 12, 1809.	肯塔基州至今還是美國最貧瘠的州之一。1809年2月12日，林肯出生在肯塔基州最荒涼的某個地方。
FITS(Flexible ImageTransport System)was recommended as the standard format for interchange of image data among all observatories by Commission 5 at the 1982 General Assembly of IAU in Patras.	是國際天文學會（IAU） 1982年確定的世界各天文臺之間用於數據傳輸、交換的統一標準格式。
This is clearly a wake up call for us to see how important it is that we get over our "food issues, " learn to start living a little more and, first and foremost, re-prioritize.	這是一個清楚的警訊，讓我們看清楚克服食物問題、學着開始生活以及首先，重新分清主次是多麼的重要。
Specific changes were seen in nerve transmissions in the 10 patients and five of them went on to develop respiratory failure.	專家門在10位病人的神經傳導方面發現了一些特殊的變化，其中有5位最後發展爲呼吸衰竭。
Ryegrass-rice cropping system is rapidly developed in middle-and-lower reaches of Yangtze River in recent years.	黑麥草—水稻是近幾年在我國長江中下游地區迅速發展的農牧結合新型種植模式。
OBJECTIVE:To study the in vitro percutaneous absorption of neostigmine cream.	目的：考察新斯的明乳膏的體外透皮吸收效果。
Figure 2 shows WSRP in action.	圖 2顯示活動中的 WSRP。
This gave the Chinese people a better sense of balance in regard to this-worldlincss and other- worldliness .	這使得中國人對於入世和出世具有良好的平衡感。
Overall, it could be a valid proof that the exploration of fostering innovative talents these four years by S. C. C. of Wuhan University is basically successful.	該班面貌，證明武漢大學國學院這四年來培養拔尖創新人才的探索實踐大體成功。
She’s always grousing about the work-load.	她總是抱怨工作量大。
Oriental University Town is quiet except for some reading. Epoch Plaza will give you much leisure and pleasure.	既能體會到東方大學城脫離俗華、書卷飄香的生活格調，又能享受到時代廣場愜意的休閒意境。
To extract(liquid) by twisting or compressing. Often used with out.	擰出（液體）通過扭或壓擠出（液體）。
In the latter case, a relation has been established between concepts or relations, which conflates generality and material implication.	後一情形乃是使概念或關係聯繫起來，融合了普遍性與實質蘊涵。
Their two full backs, John Flanagan and Jack Robinson, were excellent yesterday, up against Theo Walcott and Samir Nasri.	他們的兩個後衛，弗拉尼根和羅賓遜昨天在對陣小老虎和納斯里時發揮都很棒。
He was on top of her back, pushing and grunting, and she lay on her stomach, her face turned toward mine. Her green mouth gaped, and when she saw me spying, she flashed me a toothy grin.	他騎在她背上，推搡着，咕噥着，她俯臥在地，臉朝向我，綠色的嘴開合着，看到我在看，就朝我露齒一笑。
I consent to take any pre-employment physical examination required by the Company.	本人願意接受公司要求的職前體格檢查。
Three things: Blame the Jon Huntsmans in their midst, focus on trade access and rediscover their entrepreneurial soul.	其實有三件事可以做：找洪博培 算賬，專注貿易，重新找回自己的企業家精神。
This means that the main mineralization in Dongsheng area were formed at early Jurassic and late Cretacious, and correspondant to the time of structure uplift.	這表明早白堊世和晚白堊世是該區鈾的主成礦期，它與盆地擡升的構造演化歷史相一致。
Does Bruce see him as a left-winger or a central midfielder?	布魯斯會把他當成一個左邊鋒還是中場球員？
The Roxy logo is made of two Quiksilver logos that form a heart.	諾克斯的標誌用兩個Quiksilver的標誌組合成一個心型。
I thought you said mercy killing and first-degree murder were very different crimes!	我想你說過安樂死跟一級謀殺是不同的罪名！
You can quickly build an emergency "poncho shelter" by using your shoelaces along with a tarp or rain poncho.	鞋帶再加防水布或雨披，可以做成一個緊急狀況下的“雨披掩體”。
On Wall Street, the Standard and Poor's index was up 3.73 percent.	在華爾街，標準普爾指數上漲了百分之3.73 。
And then, some examples show the problems can be solved by their compatibility equations of deformation and static equations of equilibrium easily.	實例證明，將這種方法得到的變形協調方程與靜力幹衡方程聯立可方便地求解拉壓超靜定問題。
A data acquisition system, which designed for screw pump performance parameter testing, was developed in this paper.	開發了一種用於螺桿泵性能參數試驗的數據採集及處理系統。
The children are playing under the tree.	孩子們正在樹底下玩。
The concept of Dougu is to create a vibrant incubator for new internet concepts in key industries such as education and healthcare.	鬥谷科技的宗旨是拓展新網絡概念的項目，特別在熱門行業如同教學和醫療。
If you find yourself addressing the envelopes on Super Bowl Sunday, keep the cards until next year and send out a high-quality note thanking people for their business during the previous year instead.	如果你發現自己要在超級碗橄欖球決賽的星期日寄賀卡的話，那就將賀卡留到來年再寄出吧，先給他們寄一封高質量的感謝信，感謝他們在過去一年的生意關照。
Last week, I posted about the richest U. S. states, as measured by the number of ultrahigh net-worth residents.	他周，我發的一篇博文羅列了美國最富裕的州，是根據擁有超高淨資產的居民人數來評的。
Seahorses like to live in shallow waters amongst the seaweed and eelgrass.	海馬喜歡住在海藻或鰻草叢中的淺海。
Parsing a tagged message takes less time than parsing a XML message, but it does take more time than parsing a fixed-length message.	與 XML 消息相比，解析帶標記的消息需要較少的時間，但是比定長消息解析的時間要長。
Police on motorbikes shuttled between troops and demonstrators to mediate.	開着摩托車的警察在軍隊與示威者之間穿梭，進行調解。
It doesn’t mean swimming upstream blindly, just because you want to revolt against authority.	也不意味着僅僅因爲你主觀反對權威就盲目的“逆流而上”。
The knowledge-intensive industry has become the leading factor of modern economic increment and "knowledgenizing" will be the only way to sustain its status or to update it for traditional industry.	知識密集型產業成爲現代經濟增長的主導力量，而對傳統產業來說“知識化”將是其維持現有地位或實現更新的唯一出路；
The digital method improves the detection accuracy and the processing speed compared with the analog method.	與模擬檢波方法相比，該數字方法在檢測精度和處理速度上也有較大提高。
Over the past 10 years of being a public face in a rapidly changing China, she has gone from interviewing celebrities to talking with people from all walks of life.	在過去的十年中，作爲公衆人物，陳魯豫經歷了中國的飛速轉變，她的採訪對象也由名人漸延伸到普羅大衆。
All these activities are accompanied with changes of cardiovascular activities, and many pressor and depressor areas in the limbic forebrain are involved in regulating these activities.	這些活動都伴有心血管活動的變化。 邊緣前腦內很多升、降壓區參與這些活動。
Deep-sea red coral growth and growth patterns have to end in a high-powered magnifying glass or microscope to observe.	深海紅珊瑚的生長結和生長紋就得在高倍的放大鏡或顯微鏡下才能觀察到。
The category of problem I have described here persists specifically because it tends to stay dormant in the majority of cases, so most of the community is not affected.	我在這裏描述的問題類別特別持久，因爲它在大多數情況下都保持休眠狀態，因此社區的大部分都不會受到影響。
If Bynum is healthy and effective throughout the playoffs, the Lakers will be exceedingly difficult to deny.	相反如果拜納姆能夠在季後賽保持健康且有效的話，那麼湖人是難以被擊敗的。
There's Thai restaurants and Chinese, and we've got every sort of, types of...	有泰國餐館和中餐館，我們有所有種類的……
A fire burns in the cauldron, as a reminder of the Olympic flame.	火炬塔裏燃燒着一團火焰，讓人想到奧林匹克聖火。
The 1980s also announced the return of French, with Yannick Noah getting France's first title for 37 years.	20世紀80年代，諾亞爲法國獲得了這37年來第一個冠軍，從而宣佈了法國的王者歸來。
India has a large young population: 72 percent of its citizens are below the age of 40.	印度是一個年輕人口衆多的國家：72%的公民年齡在40歲以下。
She was thunderstruck to hear the news.	得知消息時她大感驚訝。
The rattle dancing performed by kids world-wide gave deep impression to audience on evening party of Yiwu Fair last year.	在上一屆義博會的文藝晚會上，各國小朋友同臺表演的撥浪鼓舞蹈讓觀衆一飽眼福。
And culture-loaded words, as a special cultural phenomenon, pose a demanding task for preciseness and effectiveness.	而文化負載詞作爲一種特殊的文化現象，對理解和解釋的準確性和有效性都提出了新的要求。
Blaine stopped to chat with a friend and Guiteau saw his chance.	布萊恩停下來跟一位朋友聊天，吉特奧看到了機會。
The lack of history recording led to different opinions in ancient books about name foundation of Qidan nationality, which has become a controversial problem for the research of the history of Liao.	由於史料不足，以至契丹族的創名，古籍中異說並存，成爲遼史研究的紛歧問題。
JPALS works with GPS to provide accurate, reliable, landing guidance for fixed and rotary wing aircraft and supports fixed-base, tactical, and shipboard applications.	JPALS依靠GPS味固定翼和旋翼飛機提供精確、可靠的着陸導航，並支持普通航空機場、戰術和船艦上的應用。
We all are from Shandong.	俺都是山東人。
Behold, I am coming …	看哪，我必快來！賞罰…
These results help explain how a supermassive black hole can alter the evolution of its host galaxy.	這些結論幫助解釋了特大質量黑洞如何可以改變它所在星系的演化。
The developmental time of each ramet was basically same.	結縷草無性系各分株的發育時間基本相同。
Move away from large text documents to visual representations, and use scenario-based requirements definitions (see Figure 5).	從大型文本文件轉移至可視代表，並使用基於場景的需求定義（參見圖 5）。
Churandy Martina of the Dutch Antilles got the silver in 19.82 seconds and Shawn Crawford of the United States won the bronze in 19.96 seconds.	荷屬安的列斯羣島的瑪爾提納以19.82秒的成績獲得銀牌，美國的肖恩-克勞福德以19.96的成績摘得一枚銅牌。
Objective:To describe and explain the importance of the hepatogastric ligament in dividing the superior recess of the lesser sac (SRLS) and the exist of gastrodiaphragmatic ligament.	目的：闡明肝胃韌帶分隔網膜囊上隱窩（SRLS）的意義及內側胃膈韌帶的存在。
And this program enables the patient to complete remission as soon as possible, especially for newly diagnosed patients with light chain.	且這一方案可使患者儘早獲得完全緩解，特別是對於輕鏈型初診患者。
A group of investment banks led by Morgan Stanley managed China’s Longyuan Power Group Corporation Ltd.’s $2.6 billion listing on the Hong Kong stock exchange in December.	相關消息還顯示，去年12月，由摩根斯坦利牽頭的投行機構，成功運作了中國龍源電力集團市值達26億美元的香港上市計劃。
The lack of middle-class income growth during that span is “the defining issue of our time, ” Mr. Summers has said, in a tacit admission that liberals were ahead of him on this issue.	薩默斯表示，在這段時期，中產階級收入增長的缺失是“我們這個時代最重要的議題，” 這事實上是承認，自由派在這個議題上要更勝他一籌。
Shanxi is a good place and has a long history.	山西是個好地方， 人傑地靈，歷史悠久。
Even as Abraham believed God, and it was accounted to him for righteousness.	正如，亞伯拉罕信神，這就算爲他的義。
Text analysis is the process of enabling computers to extract meaning from text.	文本分析是指使計算機能夠從文本中提取意義的過程。
That is why we consider to be their own thing, they are actually people think it's wishful.	所以我們認爲的屬於自己的東西，其實不過是人的一相情願的認爲罷了。
Wait until half day in the past, look shape of the additional celebration body, blue Joe cannot assisted merely howling with mirth.	等到半日過去，看看對方身上模樣，藍喬忍不住哈哈大笑。
After finish his again see again, feel this couldn't help or comfort to her!	發完過後自己再看了一遍，覺得這樣子根本就不能幫助或者是安慰到她！
Mike: You know, Ben, if dad leaves for basketball games, we get some with no nutritional value whatsoever .	邁克：別擔心本，只要爸爸去看籃球賽，我們準會吃到沒有營養價值的怪餐。
Looking back on a sojourn in the African highlands, you are struck by your feeling of having lived for a time up in the air.	在這片非洲高原上，我往往在回頭的瞬間，油然生出一種駭人的錯覺：我竟在半空中呆了這麼久！
Audit the quotation cost, study out a tactic for quotation, then submit to EC, execute after approved.	審覈報價成本表，擬定報價策略，報EC審覈、 批覆並執行。
Visitors most often can encounter it in the police traffic stops that can make a cross-city trip an hour longer than necessary.	遊客經常會在交警崗亭遭遇到索賄一類的事情，以至穿越市區會比所需時間超過一小時之久。
We won't be defensive at Stamford Bridge - we need to score in the first leg to make the second one easier. A goal or two in London will give us the spirit and confidence that we need.	在斯坦福橋我們不會一味防守——我們需要在第一回合取得進球，第二回合才能輕鬆一點。
Now, at the core of behaviorism are three extremely radical and interesting views.	言歸正傳，行爲主義的核心,由三個非常極端又很有趣的觀點組成。
The Browns are all college graduates.	布朗一家人都是大學畢業生。
You remember the Iliad ends with the actual cremation of the bodies of the relevant people.	你們應該記得《伊利亞特》是以,對相關人物的火葬描述結尾的
Even Olympians say they dread the treadmill now and again. How do these men and women stay on track and stick to strict diets? Get their best fitness secrets!	就連奧運選手們也會說自己時不時地對跑步機出現厭煩心。那麼這些人是如何保持、並遵照嚴格飲食的呢? 來了解一下他們的健身祕訣吧。
Unicef said the star of Lord Of The Rings and Pirates Of The Caribbean would work to help poor children and raise awareness of the organisation..	聯合國兒童基金會日前宣佈，任命英國影星奧蘭多布魯姆爲兒基會的親善大使，他的工作是幫助貧困地區的兒童。
For a number, being divided by two numbers may cause indeterminate equations (in India) while by three numbers may cause group of congruence (in China).	一個數被兩個數除自然得到不定方程（印度），一個數被三個數除則得到同餘式組（中國）。
Lin Xuanquan, Male, Director of Landscape Architecture Design & Planning Research Studio, Shanghai Pudong Architecture Design & Research Institute Co.	林選泉，男，上海浦東建築設計研究院有限公司，景觀規劃設計研究室主任。
This is a famous gray-beard gathering place.	這兒是一個有名的老年人聚集的地方。
DHA occurs naturally in the brain and is found in reduced amounts in people with Alzheimer's disease.	DHA在大腦中產生，而其（人們）發現其在患有阿爾採末氏病的患者中的含量減少。
No, they're coming tomorrow morning to turn the gas on. My phone should be working then, too.	是呀，他們要明天才來幫我把煤氣接上。電話也到時纔可以用。
Walk over to the beach, it's sunny day, but still ok under the tree.	走過去海邊， 陽光普照， 可是樹陰下還是舒服的…
The pulp & paper market in the delta of the Pearl River is holding the balance in China, especially marketing of the middle and high quality paper such as coated paper, which is paid more attention.	珠江三角洲漿紙市場在全國佔據着舉足輕重的地位，尤其是以銅版紙爲代表的中高檔工業、文化用紙，更是倍受業屆關注。
This study demonstrated the new application of uncooked fermentation technology.	該間歇補料優化工藝的建立，豐富了生料發酵技術的應用。
"I think you will like him, " said Elinor, "when you know more of him.	“我想，”埃麗諾說，“你要是對他了解多了，準會喜歡他的。”
Jinbali fashion wholesale market deals in middle and top grade girl's fashion.	金百利時裝批發商場經營中、高檔少女時裝。
Jake: I like to skate.	傑克： 我喜歡滑冰。
Perhaps they spent time in the yard.	也許他們在院子裏打發時光。
Transshipment and Partial shipment prohibited.	不容許分裝運和轉運。
No buts. You tin melodrama extinction afterward.	別說可是，還輪不到你絕種呢。
With the lighting of the National Christmas Tree, we observe one of the great traditions of our nation's capital.	隨着國家聖誕樹上燈火亮起，我們迎來了祖國首都一個重要的傳統節日。
The panels started absorbing energy from the sun to power the local grid last Wednesday, three years after the project began, according to the AP.	據美聯社說，該計劃啓動已經三年了，並於上個星期三起，這些電池板開始從太陽那裏吸收能量，併爲本地電網提供電力。
The train was invented in the early nineteenth century. It is fast in speed and low in price, especially suitable for the transportation of goods and long-distance passenger travel.	火車誕生於十九世紀初，其特點是快速，廉價， 特別適合陸上貨物運輸以及旅客長途旅行。
Although dozens of studies on functionalism have been carried out in many fields over the past years, the field of E-C News Translation has not been paid enough attention to.	雖然近年來對功能派翻譯理論的研究已逐漸在多個領域展開，但具體到新聞英語的漢譯的研究仍少有提及。
This means that I’m empathetic, that I need to “connect on a deeply personal level”, but also that I tend to “see so many angles to any issue or decision” that I can be “indecisive”.	這就意味着我是情感動物，我需要“個人深層次的接觸”，而且傾向於“對任何問題或決定都多角度的予以設想考慮”，我可能“優柔寡斷”。
I put more effort into my art and, a few years later, won a huge chocolate Easter bunny in a drugstore coloring contest.	結果，幾年以後，在一家雜貨店舉辦的塗色比賽上，我贏得了一隻巧克力做的巨大的復活節兔子。
This helps you understand how information flows between different divisions or departments, and ensure that hand-overs will be managed smoothly.	這會幫助您瞭解信息在不同的科室或是部門是如何傳遞的 並確保工作的移交可以順利地進行。
On the other hand, a CEO\\\'s pay might be excessively high on average, but not appreciable better when his company does well than when it does badly.	另一方面，CEO的薪酬可能相對平均水平過高，但是與公司業績不理想時比較，公司業績好時，其（薪酬）並沒有便於評測的漲幅。
"With all due respect sir, but that's exactly what we are doing now. So what's the point wasting twenty-five years?" asked the Mexicans.	“先生，恕我直言，那就是我們現在正在做的事啊。那麼浪費二十五年光陰的意義又是什麼呢？”墨西哥人問道。
Jerry: Who was that interesting old guy I saw you talking to in the bookstore yesterday?	哲力﹕ 我昨天見你在書局裏跟一個有趣的老人交談，他是誰？
They´ve put murderers in jail that way. They´ve also freed innocent people.	他們通過這種方法將很多犯罪分子繩之以法，也讓很多無辜的人免受不白之冤。
The major battle was over Tenofovir, given its extensive use.	由於tenofovir的廣泛使用，主要的戰鬥也圍繞着它來進行。
Sometimes, like in current reporting tools for business intelligence, this additional glitter reduces the visual perception of information instead of enhancing it.	但是有時這些多餘的“閃光點”並沒有提高用戶獲取信息的效率，反而會造成不必要的干擾而降低效率。 現在很多報表工具和商業智能工具都犯了這樣的錯誤。
Molding shrinkage of small, good stability, melt viscosity size is small, easy forming process.	成型收縮率小，尺寸穩定性好，熔體粘度小，易成型加工。
Finally, we will define activation specifications for each of the MDBs in the DayTrader application.	最後，我們將爲 DayTrader 應用程序中的每個 MDB 定義激活規範。
This universal banking model has proved hard to manage, with the likes of Citigroup and UBS knitting together a vast empire of operating units.	這一包羅萬象的銀行業模型已經被證明是難以管理的，像花旗和瑞士銀行這樣的公司織就了一個龐大的業務帝國。
What event marked the beginning of competitive intercollegiate athletics at West Point" ------ Navy football game of 1890."	什麼事件引起了西點軍校和各校之間激烈的體育競爭？------是1890年的海軍足球比賽。
Media should shoulder some of the responsibility by not presenting material that would entice them to smoke, she said.	她還指出，媒體也應該承擔一些職責，禁止刊登引誘青少年吸菸的內容。
Yes. We have eight famous wines in China. I say you try a cup of Fen Wine from Shanxi?	我們中國有八大名酒。我說您來一杯我們的山西汾酒吧。
You know, Gordon, I should not like you. You are Scottish, we have nothing in common and you are an economist.	你知道嗎，戈登，我不應該喜歡你，你是蘇格蘭人，又是個經濟學家，我們沒有任何共同的地方。
I am glad to nominate this 19-year-old Brooklyn truck driver for the assorted Halls of Fame.	我很高興提名這位19歲的布魯克林卡車司機進入各類名人堂。
A city of south-central Arizona southeast of Phoenix. It is a residential community and winter resort. Population, 90,533.	美國亞利桑那州中南部一城市，位於菲尼克斯東南。爲一居住社區和冬季度假勝地。人口90，533。
This tells us that being God, Jesus is also lord over the entire creation.	萬有也一同靠著他而存在。」 告訴我們，身爲神，基督也是萬有之先？
Back then, people felt less urgency to log on to their solitary, unconnected machines.	那時，人們不覺得登錄到他們獨個兒不連在一起的機器是件急迫的事。
Liason to VIP guests? Does that mean you could be around famous athletes?	貴賓陪同？有可能見到體育明星嗎？
Are you guys serious?? China??? Common – its like gifting them a sword to cull you.	你們這些傢伙是認真的嗎？中國？拜託，這就像是給中國一把劍，然後讓它砍死你。
All non-Nepalese students enrolled at any of Hong Kong's universities are eligible to participate in the contest.	所有非尼泊爾裔香港註冊大學學生均可參加。
The city's most famous monument is the Tomb of Pacal (Pacal was the city's 7th century founder-king), which is located within the glorious Temple of Inscriptions, a steep, stepped pyramid.	這個城市最爲著名的紀念碑是帕卡爾墓（帕卡爾是這個城市7世紀的開國君主），它坐落在著名的峻峭的金字塔型的碑銘詩內。
The system could provide one or several accident succor protocols in on-site accident interact ively.	該系統可在行車事故現場以人機交互方式提供一個或幾個救援方案。
In this paper, the problem of limit cycles bifurcated from the equator for a quintic polynomial system is investigated.	運用奇點量方法，首次證明了五次多項式系統可在赤道分支出十個極限環。
As a ship captain and skilled 23)cartographer, he filled in many gaps on world maps.	作爲一名船長和經驗豐富的繪圖師，他爲世界地圖填補了很多空白。
The results indicated the genetic diversity between R and B was not very great.	結果表明恢保間的遺傳差異不大；但不同恢保組配間的遺傳距離有很大的不同。
She was possessed by a devil.	她着了魔。
Fresh air with a lot of anions, light purple lavenders with fascinating fragrance, I like these. However, a story made me frown.	含有豐富負離子的新鮮空氣，淡紫色的薰衣草香馨宜人，我喜歡這些，但是，有一件事情令我皺眉頭。
The results show that the molybdenum coating is composed of white layer, diffuse layer and heat affected zone.	結果表明，鉬合金塗層由白亮層、擴散層和熱影響區組成；
Made of specially-treated material, the coat is light in weight and machine washable.	該大衣由經過特殊處理的面料做成，重量輕，可機洗。
BIANCA. The taming -school! What, is there such a place?	御妻學校！有這樣一個所在嗎？
Jack took the cat, and began carrying it very carefully in his hands, but in a short time pussy scratched him so much that he was compelled to let it go.	傑克接過大貓，小心翼翼地捧在手裏，但很快大貓就把他的手抓傷了，他只得放它跑掉了。
I screamed in pain as the knife cut the surface layer of my skin.	我的皮膚被割開了，我痛苦的嘶叫着。
We are professional at opening ceremony, foundation ceremony, exhibition opening, press conference, brand exhibition and brand marketing planning and execution.	專業從事開業慶典、奠基典禮、展覽會開幕、新聞發佈會、品牌展覽展示、品牌互動營銷等活動的策劃及執行。
Spire: Steeply pointed termination to a tower or roof.	塔尖頂：塔或屋頂上尖銳陡峭的頂部。
On one hand, the Confucians of Song and Ming Dynasty explained concretely that how "sincerity" link up Dao of heaven and human nature;	一方面，宋明理學對“誠”如何貫穿“天道”、“人性”作了具體的闡釋；
He. considered the prize too paltry for the lives it must cost(John Lothrop Motley.	他…認爲獎金與它所奪去的生命相比太微不足道了（約翰·洛斯羅浦·莫特萊）。
US defence firm Lockheed Martin says it has come under a significant cyber-attack, which took place last week.	美國防禦公司洛克希德馬丁稱在上週遭受一次嚴重的網絡攻擊。
The effect of aging treatment on the pitting corrosion resistance of 2205 duplex stainless steel was studied. The pitting resistance of samples was reduced by aging treatment both at 590 ℃ and 650 ℃.	通過研究時效熱處理對2205雙相不鏽鋼耐點蝕性能的影響，發現590 ℃和650 ℃的時效處理降低了材料的耐點蝕性能，並且耐點蝕性能隨着時效溫度和時效時間的增加而降低；
I just posted some on my website, but I do not know if people studying English know IPA.	我的博客上有一個帖子用國際音標，但是我不知道學英語的是否能看懂。
The steam explosion pulping of sisal hemp fibers has been studied in this paper.	本文采用蒸汽爆破製漿的方法，對劍麻原料進行製漿的研究。
Unlike patients with obstructive sleep apnea, patients with central sleep apnea are more likely to remember their awakenings and complain of light and fragmented sleep.	與阻塞性睡眠呼吸暫停綜合症不同，中樞性睡眠呼吸中止症患者對睡眠中斷記得很清楚，並往往抱怨淺層睡眠和睡眠中斷。
All these writers run to sentiment.	所有這些作家都有傷感的傾向。
The yttrium silicate coating prepared by in situ formation method has the best oxidation protective property, which can effectively protect C/C composites from oxidation at 1600℃ for more than 200h.	其中，採用原位形成法制備的硅酸釔塗層具有極佳的抗氧化性能，可在1600℃空氣中對C/C複合材料有效保護200小時。
Some will get ahead and make bundles of cash, while others will abandon the movie industry for better-paying jobs in less glamorous businesses.	他們中的一些人會堅持下去最後成功的賺取很多錢，而另一些人會放棄電影業去做其他更高薪的事業。
“Recollections of Lincoln, ” by Henry Villard (February 1904)	“林肯回憶錄”，Henry Villard（1904.2）
Stewart and Pattinson were rumored to have finally gotten together when they filmed the first Twilight sequel New Moon last summer.	傳聞說,在去年夏天拍《暮光之城》的首部續集《新月》時,斯圖爾特和帕丁森最終成爲了一對。
Objective: To provide the anatomical basis for neurectomy of hip joint.	目的：爲髖關節去神經術提供解剖學依據。
Female Chinese writing in Southeast Asia has greatly increased in the recent years.	東南亞華文女性寫作近年來已蔚然成風併產生一定影響。
The 75cm reptile, which is on the list of endangered species, was found in baggage, said Norwegian customs inspector Wenche Fredrikson.	在瑞典到挪威的火車上，海關官員在一次例行的行李搜查，發現了一條75釐米長的短吻鱷。
The government had painted us oppositionists as a sad, marginal group on the payroll of the CIA.	政府將我們這羣糟糕而又弱小的反對黨人團體記錄在中央情報局名單上。
And Vergeer admits that "sometimes it's tiring always trying to improve.	沃吉爾承認，“有時會對無盡的提高而感到厭煩。”
This wool knits up well.	這種毛線很好織。
The hardwares and softwares of the system based on this methods are designed.	並設計出了以這種方式爲核心的陶瓷明焰窯溫度控制的硬件和系統軟件。
Every evening he went out upon the sea, and one evening the net was so heavy that hardly could he draw it into the boat.	他每晚出海。 某天夜裏，他的漁網竟如此之沉，以至於他幾乎無法將它曳上船來。
Because wall runs with the privileges of group tty, it can open and write to every terminal.	因爲 wall 是以組 tty 的權限運行的，所以它可以打開和寫入所有終端。
This paper is mainly about the application of DDC(Direct Digital Control)process control in polymerizer forced condensation and the results.	本文主要論述了聚合釜冷凝強制投用的DDC過程控制應用。
I used to go to work by bike. (But I don't anymore, now. )	我過去常騎自行車上班。
The bold code in the previous listing is the common code for both methods, while the last lines of code beginning with ref = context.getServiceReference (wsgateway.OSGiService.class.getName());	上述清單中的粗體代碼是兩種方法的共有代碼，以 ref = context.getServiceReference (wsgateway.OSGiService.class.getName()); 開頭的最後幾行代碼用於 sid 方法。
Case studies on the knowledge model with the experiment data sets of different eco sites, varieties and target yields indicated a good model performance in decision making and applicability.	利用南京、安陽、石河子和太原等生態點的不同品種和產量目標資料對所建知識模型進行了檢驗。結果表明，知識模型對品種選擇和播期設計具有較好的決策性和適用性。
Now that they have been simplified, they appear more human and alive than if they had been represented in all their details.	正是因爲被簡化了，它們要比全盤的精細刻畫的效果更像人，更有活氣。
Through research to explore ideas and enrich method of solfeggio teaching, and provides the inspired and reference significance for solfeggio subject reform.	通過研究對開拓視唱練耳教學思路豐富教學法，以及視唱練耳教學改革具有一定的啓示和借鑑的意義。
EarthSound's products have an excellent track record in the States.	天籟的產品在美國有非常輝煌的過去。
So is it correct English to split infinitives?	所以我的答案是可以拆分不定式。
When you move to SSDs, I/O operations become much faster, but most people don’t realize how large the difference is.	如果轉變成 SSD，I/O 操作將會變得更快，但大多數人不知道差異有多大。
Built between 1891 and 1913, the Trans-Siberian Railway stretches for 5, 753 miles from Moscow’s Yaroslavsky terminal to Vladivostok on the Pacific Ocean.	穿越西伯利亞鐵路建於1891年至1913年，從莫斯科的雅洛斯拉夫斯基火車站到太平洋沿岸的符拉迪沃斯託克，全長5,753英里。
He won a few headers and calmed things down.	贏得了幾次頭球爭頂並且使情況穩定下來。
Those poor Americans, ' I thought when I saw this, 'we're not so brazen here in China.	當時看的時候覺得美國人民真可憐，咱麼中國就沒那麼多花花腸子。
Of course the all-pervasive spirit of irony has since made straightforward interpretations less reliable.	當然，具有諷刺意味的普遍精神的全自作出直接的解釋不可靠。
China do not need the people who are trapped by affection!	中國不需要爲情所困的人！
There has been some reporting that Islamist charities have again substituted themselves for the Pakistani state in providing relief in Southern Punjab.	據某些報道稱，伊斯蘭教慈善組織再次取代巴基斯坦政府爲旁遮普提供救濟。
Oil paintings Red Wall——A Harmonious Household was exhibited and given Academic Award in "The First Biennial Art Exhibition of Guangzhou" in Guangzhou International Conference & Exhibition Center.	畫作品《紅牆——家門和順》參加廣州國際會議展覽中心舉辦的“中國首屆廣州藝術雙年展”獲學術獎，作品被收錄進展覽畫冊；
Of the use of advanced ultrasonic humidification humidification system.	加溼系統採用先進的超聲波加溼。
The leader had joined the army much earlier after graduating from high school.	這位班長自打高中畢業後就入伍了。
While if the system was in a state between steady and transient, the whole reaction was controlled by the combination of charge transfer and mass transfer.	而當體系介於穩態和暫態之間時，則爲傳質和傳荷的 混合控制。
The isodynamometer was used to measure in a follow-up way the fighters of excellent Free-fighting Team.	採用等速測力的方法，對優秀散打運動員進行跟蹤測試。
The solution: 'Divide and conquer,' he says.	他說，最後的解決方法是：“分而治之”。
Once I took part in an activity checking the human deeds, the objects of which were two distinguished young cadres.	曾參加過一次人事考查，考查對象是兩個工作業績非常出色的青年幹部。
However, should Nilmar arrive as a replacement, Wolfsburg may be willing to lower their price slightly and loosen their grip, allowing the Rossoneri to pounce.	然而，一旦尼爾馬加盟，狼堡可能會降低哲科的標價放他走人，米蘭將有機可乘。
They were friendly, but bikers always reserve a particular disdain for scooterists, believing they're only "playing at it".	他們都很友善，但都有點看不起騎踏板車的人，認爲這只是在“玩耍”。
These failures caused the stimulus enacted in February 2009 to be botched in both in its design and its administration, resulting in the discrediting of deficit spending as a response to depression.	這些失敗使得2009年2月實施的刺激計劃從設計到實施都顯得愚不可及，導致爲迴應蕭條而產生的天文數字一樣的赤字開銷。
The hair growth, anti-off, black hair, anti hair acidification effect is very significant, can improve the ability of anti-aging hair.	其生髮、防脫、烏髮、抗毛髮酸化的效果更是極爲顯著，可提高頭髮的抗老化能力。
Pilots learn that when they face a life-defining challenge, they should not run from their fear. They should embrace it.	飛行員們會學習到，當他們面臨千鈞一髮的時刻時，他們不該逃避他們的恐懼，而該迎向它。
The Supreme Court of the U. S. A. deliberate whether the ballots of Florida should be re-counted.	美國最高法院研究是否重新統計佛羅里達 州的選票。
Then the residual error signal is predicted using the forward finite-difference method, and the adaptive LMS algorithm is used to get optimal active noise control filter.	採用前向差分預測算法預測控制區域內的殘餘誤差信號，然後利用自適應LMS算法，得到最優的噪聲控制濾波器。
His talking is full of speculative thinking, it sounds quite logical.	講話的思辨性極強，聽起來很有邏輯。
Theme song from Saiunkoku Monogatari anime.	彩雲國物語的主題曲。
City economists are predicting 1.9% economic growth for this year, which is less optimistic than the Office for Budget Responsibility's 2.1% forecast.	城市經濟學家預測今年經濟將增長1.9%，比政府責任預算的2.1%不樂觀。
When her statement was read a very cleat light was cast upon the situation.	她的聲明宣讀後，情況便顯得非常清楚了。
The remote search server is a single point of failure.	遠程搜索服務器是一個單點故障點。
Department of underground springs gush from surface collection, surface area of about 27,000 square meters, depth of surplus husband.	系地下泉水涌出地表彙集而成，水面面積約2.7萬平方米，水深盈丈。
He graduated from Xi'an international university , the Department of Foreign Languages English majors.	畢業於西安外事學院，外語系英語專業。
Digital image steganography does have some drawbacks, though.	但是，數碼圖像隱寫術仍然有一定缺點。
It is one of the famous paintings in the ancient Eygptian history.	這是古老的埃及史上最著名的油畫之一。
Why did you go tell Mrs. Lee how much money I'm going to make?Now she'll go and tell the whole world!	你爲甚麼要到李蜜斯那去說我要掙幾多錢?全球的人城市知道了！
I loved you tenderness and candor.	我曾柔情似水滿懷真摯地愛過你。
What will you need to do, today, to take the first steps in that direction?	今天你需要做什麼， 朝那個方向邁出第一步。
The communal bath has a sauna, a steam room and a spa.	大衆池有烤箱、蒸氣室和水療設備。
And thou shalt say to the house of Israel that provoketh me: Thus saith the Lord God: Let all your wicked doings suffice you, O house of Israel.	你對叛逆的以色列家族說：吾主上主這樣說：以色列家族，你們所行的一切醜惡之事，該夠了罷！
I went through an extremity of despair due to my failure in the National College Entrance Examination. It seemed that my dream of being a university student would never come true.	由於我在高考中的失利，我感到了極度的失望，我要成爲一名大學生的夢想似乎是無法實現了。
Anna was born in 1923 in Ardwick, a suburb of Manchester.	安娜於1923年出生在曼徹斯特的郊區阿德維克。
"We are meeting at a time of tragedy," WHO Director-General Dr Margaret Chan told the 2500 delegates in the Assembly Hall of the Palais des Nations as she opened the meeting.	我們在發生災難的時刻相會，”世衛組織總幹事陳馮富珍博士在致大會開幕詞時對聚集在萬國宮會議大廳的2500名代表說。
But he gave Reuters access to his studio near the imposing Forbidden City ahead of Friday's 90th anniversary of the founding of the Chinese Communist Party.	但是在建黨90週年前夕，他邀請路透社記者來到他位於紫禁城附近的工作室。
And then, the mathematics model was firstly set up to analyze the force that the rotary control head endured when the preventer installed aslant.	並在此基礎上通過建立力學數學模型完成旋轉控制頭在安裝偏斜的情況下的動力學分析。
The first thing I want to know is what is the velocity of this bullet when it comes out of the spring and does it vary if I do it three, five, six times in a row?	我首先得知道,這顆鋼珠,被彈簧彈出時的速度,以及速度是否,會因連續發射而發生變化？
J: You have a very busy life. Lots of a week activies.	你生活很充實啊，有很多的活動。
Every day, clouds wash over these high meadows, coaxing new blooms from the rich glacial soils.	每天，烏雲在高山牧場上空翻滾，在肥沃的冰山土壤上催生出新的花朵。
Objective To explore the feasibility of test for bacterial endotoxins in Methotrexate injection.	目的探討甲氨蝶呤凍乾粉針劑進行細菌內毒素檢查的可行性。
Complaining, criticizing and gossiping is a waste of time and saps your energy.	抱怨、批評和閒聊會浪費你的時間，消耗你的精力。
Svetlana Kuznetsova defeated fellow countrywoman Dinara Safina in straight sets to win the French Open.	庫茲涅佐娃僅兩局就輕鬆擊敗同樣來自俄國的薩芬娜，獲得法網冠軍。
The bath should be warmer than 100 degrees Fahrenheit and you should be in it for longer than 20 minutes.	水溫應大於100華氏度溫暖，泡澡時間應超過20分鐘。
So on our way to eat at a Japanese teppanyaki restaurant, we came across this advertisement for a male escort service in Shanghai.	在我們去吃日本自助餐的路上，我們路過一個關於在上海的男保鏢服務的廣告。
The cost of living figures out at $300。	生活費合計爲300美元。
When he won the Independent Spirit Award on Saturday for "best first film" as a director, the 52-year-old acknowledged "the other boys and girls" who were nominated for their first efforts.	週六，在他贏得獨立精神最佳影片獎的時候，這位52歲的導演感謝了由於努力而獲得提名的“其他男孩、女孩”。
And you express that "I'm feeling this way, is it ok?"	你可以表達“我有這樣子的感覺，沒問題吧？”
This facility is potentially useful as a product range develops, since successive enhancements may become too big for on-chip memory and it is undesirable not to build on the existing software base.	這項設施 作爲一個產品系列的開發是非常有潛力的，因爲連續改進在對片內存儲器也許會變得 太大，這在現有的軟件基礎上是不可取的。
As the same time, large-scale investment projects have spread from developed eastern areas to underdeveloped middle-western areas.	與此同時，溫泉項目投資正從我國東部發達地區向中西部欠發達地區延伸。
"We have not found one operator which has created shareholder value with iPhone, " Strand argues. " A lot of competitors are actually doing better."	“我們還未發現哪家運營商通過iPhone使股東獲益”，斯特蘭德諮詢機構指出，“許多iPhone的競爭者有着更好的表現”。
There are a variety of other integration points, such as simple bookmarklets for posting links as bookmarks, activity, or community entries and the Profiles contextual business card.	還有很多其它的集成點，例如用於將鏈接發佈爲書籤、活動或社區條目的簡單的 bookmarklet 和 Profiles 上下文名片。
Attachments included:flat beater, wire whisk , dough hook;	攪拌機附件：拌料棒、 打蛋器、攪面鉤；
Yechen asked if I minded if a couple of friends from university joined us for dinner.	葉晨問我是否介意幾個來自大學的朋友和我們一起吃晚餐。
More responsive page rendering using lazy frame construction.	更多的反應型頁面渲染使用懶人框架結構。
It suggests phenytoin sodium has some injury to caryon genetic material.	該結果提示苯妥英鈉對細胞核遺傳物質具有一定損傷作用。
First, this novel is a typical Bildungsroman by analyzing the structure and typical images in every scenes.	首先，主要通過對文章的結構以及對各個結構中具有代表意象的分析出這是一部典型的成長小說。
The spirit of the Gutian Meeting is an inexhaustible resource for the ideological education in colleges.	古田 會議 精神是 高校 思想政治 教育不竭的 源泉。
Examine the derived dry P-wave modulus (Md) and shear modulus.	檢驗提取到的乾燥P波模量（Md）和剪切模量。
The utility model belongs to the technical field of machines and discloses a roller balancing device.	本實用新型屬於機械工程技術領域，公開了一種軋輥平衡裝置。
through the exercise of political responsibility, which means responsibility for and oversight of one's fellow citizens and the common good.	僅有透過政治責任的運作才能獲得，那責任意謂着,看顧某人的同邦公民,及公共利益。
We drove to his house one evening and met Wang Sheng, his family, and Lingling.	那天晚上我們驅車來到他家，終於看到了王勝和他的家人以及林玲。
The oxidation of diphenylmethane with H_2O_2 under microwave irradiation was investigated using iron acetate as catalyst and glacial acetic acid as solvent.	在微波輻射下，使用醋酸鐵作爲催化劑，冰醋酸作爲溶劑，考察了過氧化氫氧化二苯甲烷的反應。
Here comes yet another Dunk Hi, after we presented you earlier the seamless Polka Dot Dunk Hi and the "Quilted Patent" Dunk Hi Pack.	這裏來另外扣籃喂，在我們及早提出了您無縫的圓點花樣的布料扣籃喂之後，並且“縫製了專利”扣籃喂組裝。
Both men had direct contact with dead chickens when feeding carcasses to their dogs.	這兩名男子均在將死雞屍體喂狗時直接接觸了死雞。
Well, I lost a year while my family Was tunneling out of north korea. Advantage Kim.	我浪費了一年，因爲我和家人，從地道逃出朝鮮花了一年時間。金髮球佔先。
With the 127 single-seat FGFA that IAF wants costing extra, India will spendaround $25 billion on the entire project.	印度還要額外花費價錢購買127架這種單座的第五代戰機，所以整個項目中印度的開銷將達到250億美元。
Mark Attila Hately jumping over Carlo Judas Collovatti and offering the derby to Milan after years of sufferings.	馬克．阿提拉．哈特利高高躍起，力壓敵手科洛瓦蒂，救助米蘭在那段飽經患難的光陰裏博得一場德比的勝利。
Ms. Zhang and her husband, Pan Shiyi, 43, are one of China's best-known business couples, renowned for their funky aesthetic.	張欣和她的丈夫、現年43歲的潘石屹因其時尚的審美情趣而成爲中國商業圈中最著名的伉儷之一。
When I walked in, all the girls in the office were in a tizzy.	我走進去的時候，辦公室裏的所有女孩兒都非常迷惑不解。
As the electrical and controls engineer at the food producer's plant in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, his job is to worry about the cleanliness of the facility's electrical power.	馬克·羅賓遜在愛荷華州錫特拉皮茲市的一家食品生產廠職業，作爲一名電氣控制編制工程師，他的職業便是擔保有“清潔”的設置用電。
Conclusion:Total mecrectal excision in the treatment of mid or low rectal is safe amd effective for its indications.	結論：結果顯示只要合理選擇手術適應證，直腸癌全直腸繫膜切除術治療中下段直腸癌是一種較安全有效術式。
1Like a good father, I took my 4-year old daughter to a so-called "rug concert" at her music school one Saturday morning, called that because you sit on the rug in a group and sing songs.	1作爲一個好父親，我在星期六的早晨帶四歲的女兒到她的學校參加一個所謂的“地毯音樂會”。 叫這麼個名字是因爲我們分成小組坐在地毯上然後唱歌。
I just wanted to write down everything the professor said and memorize it.	我就是把教授講的話原原本本紀錄下來然後記住。
While Religion-write mode shows the author's attention to the anxiety of life and the difficulty in spirit, it brings the negative influences on meaning and expression in his writing at the same time.	神性書寫“模式在表現北村關注生命焦慮和精神困頓意識的同時，又帶給了北村小說創作思想意義和表現形式的雙重負面性。
In time there developed the so-called west east and north germanic dialects.	到後來產生了所謂的西部、東部和北部的日耳曼方言。
Share time with a good friend and experience life together. – Pink Floyd once said, “The memories of a man in his old age are the deeds of a man in his prime.	和朋友一起分享時間，一起體驗生活。 -平克.佛羅伊德曾經說“一個上了年紀的人的回憶是他在年輕時候所做過的事情。”
And so we can write this, ln minus nRT log V2 over V1.	所以結果是，負的nRT除以。
You make mistake, get all tangled up, you just tango on.	一旦你犯了錯誤，搞的亂七八糟，你僅僅只要繼續跳探戈舞。
Results 38 newborns who failed to pass the first hearing screening all presented Type A tympanograms.	結果初查時有38例新生兒未通過，聲阻抗測得鼓室曲線均爲A型。
There's no vibration, no smell, no noise.	沒有震動、沒有異味、沒有噪音。
Tethys Instruments SAS is a leading company for state-of-the-art gas and water on-line analysers by UV spectroscopy.	特提斯儀器公司是一個前瞻性的公司，生產具有世界先進水平的氣體和水質紫外光譜法在線分析儀。
Electri i uire through Bix is a necessary used ad apting to lay cable eltcric instument on comelting part. branch priont and inleetion point-pipe. and cables when the eables is let mto drive-pipe.	穿線盒是電動儀表的電纜穿管敷設時在套管的接連處、電纜的接頭處以及分支處和拐彎處都必須採用的必不可少的連接件。
But the formulae for calculating the inner stress of the arch pipes caused by wind oad is confined to equal section.	而現有計算拱管風載內力的公式僅限於等截面範圍。
Part 4 Liao River Basin Water Pollution Prevention recommendations to improve the legal system.	第四部分是遼河流域水污染防治。
The problem is, unless you make all your selections before you hit any of the 3 “Add to Bag” buttons, you will be taken to the cart page without a link back to where you were.	這個設計的問題是，除非你點擊3次“加入購物車”進行所有選擇後，否則你將在進入購物車頁面且無法回到剛纔的商品頁面。
Since the art is largely regional, it shows heavy local flavour and the influence of the folk art of the area.	因爲曲藝很大程度上是地方性的，因此地方色彩濃厚，受當地民間藝術的影響頗大。
Water is one of the most important factors affecting the survival rate in arid and semi-arid regions in addition to appropriate advanced afforestation techniques.	在乾旱半乾旱地區制約造林成活率的因素，除了適地適樹和採用先進適用的造林技術外，水分條件尤爲重要。
On both sides of east road, there were the teachers' office, one chemical lab, one physical lab, a large copper bell, the school handy men's dorm, the school clinic and students' dorms.	東路兩旁排列着教師辦公室、化學實驗室、物理實驗室、大銅鐘、校工宿舍、校醫室、學生宿舍；
According to the non-radiation energy transfer theory, the distances and energy transfer efficiencies between dye and protein at various temperatures were obtained.	依據非輻射能量轉移機理，測定了不同溫度下溴甲酚紫與血清白蛋白相互結合時，其給體-受體間距離和能量轉移效率。
Hot summer days are coming while the high-grade summer goods will raise another heat wave.	伏天將臨，夏日精晶將掀起又一個熱季狂潮。
You’ve put together a hard-hitting message; you’ve carved out a crafty plan using the tools I provided.	你已經組合了一個有力有效的信息；你已經用我提供的工具辛苦創造出了一個巧妙的計劃。
Monitoring while drilling shisl be carried out mainly for formine pressure plus formine pressure griphone approved driving instructorent curve of the whole well shisl be drafted.	鑽井中要舉辦以監測地層壓力爲主的隨鑽監測，繪出全井地層壓力梯度曲線。
There are two pipes, (waste water) the drainpipes should be seamless pipe plated by zinc. Hose should connect the drainpipes and the outside pipes.	衛生單元有兩路排水管，（污水、疏水）排水管爲無縫鋼管鍍鋅。排水管與外部管路用軟管連接。
As ClO2 has great oxidizing power, it can choose to oxidizing lignin and coloring matter, but be less to carbohydrate.	二氧化氯具有很強的氧化能力，能選擇性氧化木素和色素，而對纖維素較少損傷。
And print,  the nice thing is that it's very affordable to print because you can print it using our Xerox image printing systems.	而至於打印，一個優點,就是打印成本低，因爲你可以用,我們施樂圖像打印系統來打印。
They have no public health system, the country is a giant environmental disaster, they are robbing water from their neighbors.	他們沒有公共醫療體系，還是個巨大的環境破壞者，他他們從鄰國偷水。
Located on Clarendon Road in Central Watford.	在位於中環的克拉倫登路沃特福德。
I don't want to lonely sitting recalled miss, take up, put down.	我不想孤單坐在回憶了思念，拿得起，放得下。
Objective To investigate the antiproliferative effects of folate on ovarian cancer cells.	目的探討葉酸對卵巢癌細胞增殖的影響及作用機制。
I was a graduate of Guangzhou Vocational Middle School of Tourism.	我是廣州旅遊職業中學畢業生。
With the cost of flying rising (due to increasingly higher fuel costs), we are looking to change consumer behaviour and encourage people to travel lighter.	飛行成本不斷上升（主要是由於越來越高的燃料成本），我們試圖改變乘客的行爲，並鼓勵人們乘機時輕裝簡行。
Forest and integrated land use assessments cover forest lands and trees outside forests.	森林和土地利用綜合評估涉及林地和森林以外的樹木。
I think he lives at No. 23 West Street, but I'm not sure about the number.	我想他住在西大街23號，但是我對號碼不確定。
It lacked a plan, strategy, front line or regular armies, but it had plenty of vandalism and ethnic hatred.	戰爭雙方缺乏計劃、策略、前線工事或常規武裝，唯獨不缺的是大量“汪達爾式”的打砸搶和極端對立的種族仇恨。
Concretely, the effect of different mol ratio, reacting time, reacting temperature, solvent styles, etc. on the reacting activation have been probed into.	研究了不同摩爾比、反應時間、反應溫度、 溶劑種類等對反應活性的影響。
In urban and residential areas, people burn leaves, trash, and brush.	在城市和居住區，人們也燃燒落葉、垃圾或者灌木。
What we celebrate this evening is the restless energy, the hard work, the audacity of the men and women who have written Hong Kong's success story.	今天我們要慶祝的，是本港市民憑著沖天的幹勁和無比的毅力，辛勤創業，爲本港歷史寫下了光輝的一頁。
Changing the project from passive measurement to initiative measurement, at the same time, a kind of ergometer by liquid pressure is produced so that the problem of calibrating the force is solved.	採用變被動測量爲主動測量的技術方案，研製出一種液壓式測力儀，解決了對該類設備力值的校準難題。
Resume breakpoint to support the proposal to use the software to download.	建議使用支持斷點續傳的軟件下載。
In order to improve the plastification output, we adopt double-head of cylinder screw stem and two-feed chute. The two chute of the cylinder are both fixed on the special feed shaft stand.	爲提高塑化產量，採用雙頭機頭機筒螺桿兩道機筒進料口，都作了特殊設計，以便於吃料和排氣，兩道機筒都裝在專用加料軸承座上。
At some point during the process (typically after about 50-100 answers), you may want to quit and just can't see it  converging.	在這個過程中的某一個時點（尤其是當你列出50個到100個答案之後），你可能會因爲看不到效果而想放棄。
This was the call Susan worked so hard to receive.	這個電話對蘇珊來說是得之不易的。
Cartons to be double wall corrugated, containing three flat layers of liner paper, one of them to be between two layers of flute paper, which must be stuck together well.	紙箱要雙壁波紋，含三平層的掛麪紙，長笛的文件，必須將粘在一起好兩層之間是其中之一。
Agilists are keenly aware of the need to learn, and the excitement was palpable yesterday at the start of the Agile2007 conference.	參見 新語絲論壇一個帖子）”現象。 敏捷者們敏銳地看到了學習的必要性，Agile2007會議一開始就可很明顯的感覺到人們的興奮之情。
Some 28 percent of adolescents say they are too tired to exercise, due to sleep.	28%的年輕人表示，由於睡眠不足而沒勁兒運動。
The ArrayBlockingQueue also honors "fairness" — meaning that it can give reader and writer threads first in, first out access.	ArrayBlockingQueue 還體現了“公平” — 意思是它爲讀取器和編寫器提供線程先入先出訪問。
Negative ion of air was very abundance, anionic concentration profile of Green dragon deep pool testing point is more than Ten-Thousand cubic centimeter(10000/). Mt.	空氣負離子非常是豐富，青龍潭測試點的空氣負離子濃度每立方米達一萬個（10000/）。
On Monday, the Omaha Royals will give away 1,000 of the dolls to the first fans who visit Rosenblatt Stadium to see the minor-league team play the Memphis Redbirds.	奧馬哈皇家隊(Omaha Royals)將在週一向前來Rosenblatt體育場觀賽的首批球迷們分發1,000個巴菲特搖頭玩偶。 屆時奧馬哈皇家隊將對陣孟斐斯紅鳥隊。
Shows how to open a port and communicate wih other computers.	這個程序演示了打開一個端口，並和其它計算機通信。
Based on analysis and calculation, the factors affecting the area of heat exchangers was determined, and the condenser and evap …	在此基礎上考慮到影響換熱器的因素，計算出不同壓縮機功率下冷凝器與蒸發器的面積。
The couple arrived at a plain first.	這對夫婦先來到一個平原。
Hominid evolution over the past 6 million to 7 million years includes at least two dozen species, in Tattersall’s view.	他認爲，在過去的600萬年到700萬年裏，史前人類的進化中至少出現了20個物種。
"Things looked so grim for exobiology on Mars, " said Christopher F.	“對於外空生物學，在火星上的事情看起來是很嚴酷的”，Christopher F。
My sincere condolences to his relatives and all those who appreciated his intelligence and talent.	我向他的親屬和那些欣賞他的智慧和天才的人致以哀思。
Google doodle on search page for company's 11th birthday. Photograph: Public Domain	谷歌在公司成立11週年當天在搜索頁面做的標誌塗鴉。
The third installment of the "Harry Potter" series takes a dark turn as the young sorcerer is sought by a murderous wizard who escapes from a prison for conjurers.	《哈里·波特》系列的第三 部分發生了一點轉變，變得更 陰暗了，年輕的魔法師被一個從魔法師監獄中逃出來的兇惡的魔術師追逐。
The study on classification of urban green space provides a crucial technical support for urban green space system and implementing the classified management of green space.	城市綠地分類研究是綠地系統規劃和實行綠地分類管理的重要技術支撐。
Dr. Niedenthal and her colleagues found, as they had predicted, that people felt a bigger emotional impact when the eyes were unmasked than when they were masked.	恰如尼丹瑟和同事們預測的那樣，當畫像中人物的雙眼未被矇住時，同樣的畫像，表現的情感得分，要比雙眼被矇住時高。
I did my duty on time and proficiently , I greeted everyone properly and I shined my shoes so they liked like mirrors. I was getting well with most people in the unit.	我按時且熟練地值日，向每個人適當的敬禮，把自己的鞋子擦得像鏡子一樣亮，並跟部隊裏的大部分人相處得很好。
The existing problems of SCWO such as reactor corrosion and salt precipitation are described and possible solutions are discussed.	對超臨界水氧化現存的問題，如反應器的腐蝕和無機鹽的沈積進行了描述，並就可能的解決方法進行了討論。
Casky taste: Taste imparted to wines during storage in new or badly kept casks, by substances extracted from the wood of the containers.	橡木桶味：當葡萄酒在新橡木桶或保存不好的橡木桶中存放時，由容器木料中溶解出的物質賦予葡萄酒的味道。
Objective:Determine the association, if any, between COMT polymorphisms, preoperative anxiety and postoperative fentanyl dose.	目的：檢驗COMT基因多態性、術前焦慮及術後芬太尼鎮痛劑量三者間是否存在相關。
Douglas and her colleagues questioned 516 dairy farmers in the United Kingdom.	Douglas和她的同事們調查了英國516位奶農。
And Ahaz slept with his fathers, and they buried him in the city, even in Jerusalem: but they brought him not into the sepulchres of the kings of Israel: and Hezekiah his son reigned in his stead.	亞哈斯與他列祖同睡，葬在耶路撒冷城裏，沒有送入以色列諸王的墳墓中。 他兒子希西家接續他作王。
When our creator created us, HE gave us this appreciation of beauty.	當我們的創造者創造了我們，他給了我們對美的欣賞力和本能。
Xylitol also appears to have potential as a treatment for osteoporosis.	木糖醇似乎有治癒骨質疏鬆的潛力。
Packing the suitcase has taken up a whole moring, hasn't it?	打包（ 手提皮箱）花了一個上午，是嗎？（動名詞短語作陳述句的主語）
The child's attention there is a certain time, the younger, can focus the shorter the time, from the beginning of the 10, 15 minutes later, the 30-40 minutes.	孩子的注意力是有一定時間的，年齡越小，能集中注意力的時間越短，從開始的10—15分鐘，到後來的30-40分鐘。
Trev: I guess I could get something with cookies in it.	崔佛：我應該能找到裏面有餅乾的冰淇淋。
Typical gifts Homemade cookies in an antique tin, a framed montage of favorite family photos, a collection of stationery for a niece going off to college.	典型禮物裝在古色古香罐子裏的自制小甜餅； 一幅剪輯合成的加框全家福照片，送給要上大學的侄女的一套文具用品。
The majority was wrong last time.	方是錯的。
Father Mabeuf was one of those persons for whom plants have souls.	和某些人一樣，馬白夫公公也認爲植物是有靈魂的。
Gerrard has been linked with a move away from Anfield for each of the last three summers, with Chelsea coming closest to snatching him from Liverpool eighteen months ago.	傑拉德在最近的三個夏季都和轉會離開安菲爾德聯繫在一起，十八個月前切爾西就接近過從利物浦處挖走他。
Many teachers are waiting for new replacements before retiring.	許多教師正在等候新進人員，以便退休。
The first memory bank corresponding to a first range of addresses.	第一存儲體與第一範圍的地址相對應。
The angel answered, "The Holy Spirit will come upon you, and the power of the Most High will overshadow you."	天使回答說， 聖靈要臨到你身上， 至高者的能力要蔭庇你。
The saving grace is that the 29 year-old progeny in this instance hasn’t moved back into his parents’ home.	在這個事例中那位年輕人的唯一可取之處就是沒有搬回去和他父母同住。
A community edition is available for download at no cost, or you can buy licensed standard, professional, and embedded editions.	您可以免費下載其共享版，或者您也可以購買標準許可版、專業版和嵌入式版本。
Transforming the dimensional physical data model to a Cubing or Cognos model	將多維物理數據模型轉換爲 Cubing 或 Cognos 模型
There has deen a great change in forest harvesting technology in theworld during last 30 years.	近30年來，國外森林採伐技術發生了巨大的變化，已經開始實現全盤機械化。
Look for more to come and enjoy today's feature.	敬請期待後續報道，享受今天的內容。
Steam locomotive and a SVT877 diesel car built in 1931 has been displaying at Nürnberg Eisenbahn Museum.	展示於德國紐倫堡鐵路博物館中的蒸汽機車與1931年制SVT877 柴聯車。
The cap passes close word, can accelerate the rate of trichomadesis.	帽子過緊的話，會加快脫髮的速度。
This will help them understand how self-organizing teams are meant to function and what is expected of them in supporting such teams.	這有助於他們理解自組織團隊的工作方式以及該如何對這樣的團隊提供支持。
Long as my life shall last, teach me Thy way;	盡我一生年日， 使知禰路；
Legend: Thousands of years ago, an alienist sorceress known as Zceryll learned bizarre powers in a fight to defend herself against oppression.	傳說：幾千年以前，一個名叫贊西莉亞的異型學者爲抵抗受到的壓迫而學習了怪誕的力量。
The little hero only hope to arrive early rub, he turned and 13 at window, the darkness is, this is a never walk the road, as there is no house, is the wasteland.	小杰只希望能夠早點到搓路13號，他轉頭看着車窗外，路邊是一片漆黑，這是一條從來沒有走過的路，好象沒有房屋，是片荒地。
Gilardino and Storari were once again facing each other as the Milan striker attempted a bicycle-kick, which the goalkeeper blocked.	吉拉迪諾和斯托拉里再次單挑，米蘭前鋒試圖踩單車後射門，但被門將封堵。
We think BD1 is very awesome design, yet we still need to ask you this question, which part in this shoe get chance to be polished better?	雖然BD1十分優秀，但我們還是要問你這個問題，你覺得這雙球鞋上最具有進步空間的是哪一部分？
So--we'll use it for the moment-- there's an experience that goes along with each emotion.	所以，我們暫且這麼稱呼它，每種情緒到來，都會產生體驗。
Photo shows Hotel Managing Director Henk Meyknecht welcomes the Swedish monarch.	圖片中，酒店董事總經理麥涵客先生熱情歡迎國王的到來。
The groundwater in Hebei plain is recharged from the precipitations.	河北平原地下水主要是由大氣降水補給的；
For the majority who cannot yet afford to travel abroad, thereare endless television news reports and documentaries on societies in other parts of the world.	對大多數負擔不起出國旅行的人來說，有數不盡的電視新聞報道和世界其他地區的社會紀錄片。
If it is at the postgraduate level, it shall comply with the provisions and procedures of the state for enrollment and admission of postgraduate diploma education.	屬於研究生層次的，應當符合國家研究生學歷教育招生錄取規定和程序；
Conclusion:The method would be useful for the process design and the choice of operation condition to extract flavonoids from Chrysanthemum morifolium Ramat.	結論：所得浸提條件可用於指導杭白菊總黃酮的浸提過程的工程放大和生產過程的優化控制。
Obtaining uniform and globular microstructure becomes the basis and key to whole semi-solid metal forming.	獲得具有觸變特性的均勻的、近球形的顯微組織是半固態觸變成形工藝的基礎和關鍵。
Transfer the trotter from the presser cooker to the wok and bring to a boil. Add in dried chilies and flavoured with salt.	將湯水與豬蹄一起從高壓鍋轉至鍋裏，燒開後，加入幹辣椒，用鹽調味。
From 1981-2004, 1.05 billion tons of coal equivalent was saved, which is equivalent to an emission reduction of 700 million tons of carbon.	1981-2004年，節約能源10.5億噸標準煤，相當於少排7億噸碳。
Professor Matory also pointed out that “any professor who wants to put his or her article up online can.”	馬託雷教授也指出，“任何想將其作品在線發表的教授都可這樣做。”
We supply good quality (mini)hair straighteners and hair curlers with reasonable price.	友爲實業有限公司是一家爲客戶提供高品質直髮器和捲髮器的企業…
The new museum joins something of a small Peranakan renaissance in the city state.	這個新博物館也參與了新加坡小小的土生華人文藝復興活動。
So, the astronomical site must be selected carefully, otherwise the large telescope of cost can't display its function fully, but can play the role of the small telescope.	天文臺臺址必須精心選擇，否則價格昂貴的大望遠鏡不能充分發揮其功效，只能起到小望遠鏡的作用。
Each object here has a GUID.	每一個對象都有一個 GUID。
As we can see from the picture, two men in suits are swinging away from the table which fills with a kind of leftovers such as fish, pork, and so on.	從圖片中我們可以看到，在適合兩人擺了充滿一種下腳料如魚，肉，桌子，等在。
Wilt 1 welcome me? My River waits reply—Oh sea—look graciously—I'll fetch thee BrooksFrom spotted 2 nooks—Say—Sea—Take me!	會否歡迎我?我的河兒待迴響—大海啊—樣子親切慈祥—我將給你請來小溪從弄污的角落裏—說呀—海—接納我！
Sen. John Edwards(D-NC), and Ret. Army Gen. Wesley Clark also expressed their concerns.	約翰·愛德華等人也同樣表示，反導系統的部署草率並且倉促。
This paper expounds the aims and significance of writing sci-tech paper, how paper to select a title, and the requirement and process of writing sci-tech papers.	針對科技工作者應如何撰寫科技論文，從撰寫科技論文的目的意義； 對撰寫科技論文的要求和過程；
Meditation can help, and should be your first choice before medication.	沉思能幫助你並應該是你就醫前的首選。
When an individual's mental rhythm, the rhythm completely controlled by the operation of markets, when the collective functional disorder arises.	當個人的心理節奏，完全受控於市場運轉節奏的時候，集體官能症就產生了。
The source of the Duanwu Festival is in China and spread into other countries.	中國的端午節是源，其他國家或地區的端午節是流。
IBRD’s loan and guarantee commitments and guarantee facilities totaled $13.6 billion in fiscal 2005, 23% higher than in the previous fiscal year, and the highest IBRD lending of the past six years.	在2005財年，國際復興開發銀行的貸款和擔保承諾以及擔保基金總計爲136億美元，比上個財年高23％，是過去六年IBRD貸款中最高的。
The hardener provides flexibility, high gloss, abrasion resistance and very good chemical resistance.	硬化劑能夠提升靈活度，光澤，抵抗磨損， 化學對抗。
Science-humanism education is a kind of educational concept that permeates the purport of humanism in the scientific technology and treats the humanism as the value orientation.	科學-人文精神教育就是在科學教育中滲透人文精神，是一種以科學技術爲基礎，以人文精神爲價值取向的一種教育觀。
To explore its historical and cultural background, sum up the idea of its design approach, plan the sustainable development way is indeed important things that should not be underestimated.	探討其歷史文化背景、總結其設計構思手法、規劃其可持續發展之路，實爲要事，不可等閒視之。
"Goodnight, "says Eva. She lifts another chair.	“晚安”伊娃說，她搬起另一把椅子。
The boy returned to the draw-well at the edge of the greensward, where he had left his buckets when he went to help his patron and teacher in the loading.	孩子回到草地邊上汲水井那兒，剛纔他爲幫自己的恩人和老師裝車，把水桶撂在那兒。
Conclusion Tobramycin eye drops is safety for clinic application.	目的考察妥布黴素滴眼液的安全性。
At the same time, we can also find some helpful revelation for implementing the reorganization system of the new law of bankruptcy from Zheng Baiwen s realignment.	同時，鄭百文重組也爲我國新《破產法》中重整制度的實施提供了一些有益的啓示。
The remaining places on the Middletons' front row are yet to be confirmed.	剩餘的座位安排尚有待確定。
Electrocyclie reaction have highly stereoselectivity, this paper tells the stereoselectivity products in different conditions with details for improving students reading comprehension.	電環化反應具有高度立體選擇性，本文對不同情況下電環化反應的產物作了詳細的討論，以幫助學生提高理解力。
One is to claw back the subsidy such firms enjoy in their borrowing, both to encourage them to shrink and to pay for the clean-up when they fail.	其一是收回之前金融公司在放貸時發放的補助，以鼓勵這些公司縮減規模，在倒閉時清償費用。
The composition of poetry once pushed the elegance and fantasticality to the acme in a new period, and then started to go back to forward folk language and live language till "slobber poem".	新時期的詩歌創作曾一度將詩語的典雅奇異推向一種極致，隨後開始了面向生活語言的俗化的迴歸，一直發展到當下的“口水詩”，走到了另一個極端。
The protests led by young people became more violent Friday. Military vehicles moved into Cairo and other cities.	這起由年輕人領導的示威活動週五越發趨於暴力，軍隊開入開羅和其他城市。
Thus it can be concluded that the balance of stakeholder is the necessary condition for the long-term stable development of enterprises.	由此可以得出結論：利益相關者的平衡性是企業長期穩定發展的必要條件。
The sterilizer system has six basic elements: a processing chamber, a heating system, an evacuation and air inbleed system, a humidification system, a sterilant vaporizer and a control system.	滅菌機由6個基本系統組成：處理櫃、加熱系統、換氣系統、加溼系統、EO氣化系統和控制系統。
The principle"the class teaching case has strong pointed, drawing close to by this school outstanding typical source material achievement and infectiousness."	以本校優秀典型素材作爲＂原理＂課教學案例具有較強的針對性、貼近性和感染性。
Once men have tasted caviar, it baffles me how they settle for catfish.	當男人嘗過魚子醬之後，我很困惑他們怎麼會滿足於吃小鮎魚的。
Du Fu' s absorbing Fu into poems is mainly showed in two aspects. One is that poems by Du Fu form their style by absorbing Fu, the other is that Du Fu directly used the expression of Fu.	杜甫以賦入詩主要表現在兩方面：一是杜詩吸收賦的特點形成自己的風格，二是杜甫直接利用賦的表現形式。
The mass merchandisers are really good at creating artificial need, and the dream for the need is pressed into the masses through the media and television commercials and infomercials.	大衆商人都非常擅長於製造虛假需求，而這些虛假需求的夢想，被通過媒體、電視商業和信息而加載到大衆身上。
Most of the beach boys have wives, legal or common law, and children, and use their take to support them.	絕大部分的“海灘男孩”有自己的合法或者世俗上的妻子以及孩子，他們用賺來的錢養活家人。
Aim: This study aims to evaluate the prevalence of NAFLD in patients with CH-B and the association with viral and host factors, particularly in patients with metabolic syndrome (MS).	目的： 本次研究的目的是評估慢性乙肝 患者中NAFLD的發病率，以及與病毒和宿主因素之間的關係，尤其是對代謝綜合徵（MS） 患者的影響。
Periodical indexes usually include abstracts that are written by the author or by someone at the database company.	期刊索引通常包括作者寫的或數據庫公司中某人寫的摘要。
Operation: Make the body sufficient and tepid into bath hind, the many after wiping some of salt to be in back after waiting for pore to stretch, each corners should be wiped.	操作：入浴後讓身體充分溫熱，待毛孔張開後多抹些鹽在後背，各個角落都要抹到。
The Filer SWIs, which aid reading to and from disc, setting attributes etc.	文件器 SWI，它輔助讀寫磁盤、設置屬性等。
Objective To investigate the application of automated microparticle enzyme immunoassays (MEIA) in liver transplantation.	目的探討全自動快速微粒子酶免疫檢測法（MEIA）在肝移植中的應用。
But as a local born and bred Liverpudlian person.	但作爲一名土生土長的利物浦人。
All works of art remain your property and will be returned after the first of the year.	各作品之所有權將屬於作者所擁有作品於元月一日後將歸還原主。
This paper introduces digital camera and its system error, Based of that the camera is calibrated.	介紹了數碼相機及其系統誤差，並在此基礎上對相機進行了檢校；
This splendid region of mountains and valleys contains many wonderful hot springs.	這個風景英俊山區和上莊儲藏着很多溫泉。
It is said there are many worlds — the hell world of torture, the worlds of hungry ghosts, of animals and of mankind, as well as many heaven worlds — from the lowest to the highest.	據說世界由多個空間組成——有痛苦的地獄界、餓鬼界、畜生界、人界，還有從低到高多個天界。
If you know that, then you know the answer to this: How many years ago did three scientists at Texas Instruments invent the handheld electronic calculator?	如果你知道，那麼你就知道下面這個問題的答案：德州儀器的三位科學家在多少年前發明了便攜式電子計算器。
This is the website for Department of Psychology, Memorial University of Newfoundland .	這是紐芬蘭紀念大學心理學系的網站。
The paper deals with the spinning technologies of rotor-spun fourth-grade rabbit hair blended yarns with polyester, acrylic and cotton, and briefly introduces their knitted and woven products.	本文重點介紹用轉杯紡紗機開發四級兔毛、次兔毛與滌、晴、棉等纖維混紡的紡紗工藝，並簡要介紹用這種混紡紗開發的針織和機織產品。
The ICC must decide whether to indict the suspects.	國際刑事法庭必須決定是否起訴這些嫌犯。
These include add-on devices for protection in addition to that afforded by conventional circuit-breaker and fuse systems.	這些防護裝置包括附加的保護器件，以增強由常規的電路斷路器和保險絲系統所提供的保護。
Hank: Yes, we must keep him on leash from now on.	漢克：不錯，由現在起，我們得牽着它。
The main contributions of this paper includes:To meet the requirement of distributed information integration, a 3-layered B/S PDM system has been built.	本文的創新性成果有：建立了三層B/S體系構架的PDM系統，以滿足分佈異構的信息集成的需求。
He was probably head of a catechetical school, a Christian school in Alexandria in Egypt.	他很可能是一個早期基督學校的領導，這個基督學校位於埃及的亞歷山大城。
One friend of mine was involved in a close range night battle as part of 1st AD, at Medina ridge I believe.	我的一個朋友作爲第一裝甲師的一份子經歷了一次近距離的夜間戰鬥，據我的推測是發生在麥迪那山區。
The writer has fictive talent.	那作家有創作的才能。
Therefore, for the increase of my body's wants, I'll give no space, no opportunity.	貪圖安樂只會增長對身體的貪執，所以不要讓自身有享樂的機會。
This class will be over in a moment, now let's take a nap(break , catnap).	本課時將近結束，大家可以休息一會兒。
"Those small exposures add up and may contribute to later-life disease, " it said.	“這些小量的接觸增加， 可能導致以後生活中患病， ”它說。
They had all been packed into wooden crates， inserted into containers， loaded on to ships and then unpacked again near the mouth of the Yangtze River.	安裝在60米高廠房內的頂吹氧轉爐，加工卷板長度超過一公里的熱軋鋼機，一部燒結機，一座鼓風爐，還有許多其它部件，所有設備都用木條箱包裝，塞進集裝箱，裝船啓運，然後在長江口附近被拆箱。
Ingredients: Natural chamomile essential oil, intense whitening essences, hyaluronic acid, gingko leaf, vitamin B1, etc.	主要成份：蘊含天然洋甘菊精油、激白精華素、透明質酸、銀杏葉、維生素B1等成份。
Does she always dress that badly?	她總是穿得那麼邋遢的嗎？
All images by Koichi Mitsui Koichi Mitsui is a professional photographer in Japan. When he's not on the job shooting for magazines and ads, he wanders around Tokyo taking pictures with his iPhone 3GS.	三井光一是日本一位專業攝影師。
Attend to Xiao Nan behind finishing mentioning to the gorgeous Ying, suddenly clapped to clap own head 1 face suddenly thinks of of the appearance ask a Mu to permit to face breeze.	顧曉楠在對豔瑩說完後，突然拍了拍自己的腦袋一臉突然想起來的樣子問道慕容臨風。
Please watch the video above and let us know what you think.	技術，確實非同反響並充滿希望，請觀看上述視頻並讓我們知道你們的想法。
While it was a great day, I got a bit sunburned in the water.	今天過得很棒，但我在水裏把自己給曬傷了。
The company also made more visible the page-loading indicator, though I personally still prefer the indicator style used in prior versions.	蘋果還將頁面下載進度指示條做得更顯眼了，不過我個人還是更喜歡以前的版本那種風格。
However, satisfaction also appears to be influenced by psychologic factors.	然而，滿意程度似乎也是整個身體的影響因素之一。
God won't ask what kind of car you drove. He will ask how many people you drove who did not have  transportation.	上帝不會問你開的是哪種車，他會問你搭載的人中，有多少是沒有交通工具的。
You must prevent the children from touching the dangerous things.	你們務必不要讓孩子接觸危險物品。
Melon's skin is thin, only about one-third of thick watermelon rind.	哈密瓜的皮很薄，大約只有西瓜皮的三分之一厚。
The resulting fetuses consisted of either mostly paternally or mostly maternally expressed genes.	這樣產生的胎兒要麼主要是父方的基因表達，要麼主要是母方的基因表達。
Serve them with cheese, raw vegetables, crackers and fresh bread or baguettes.	拿奶酪、生蔬菜、薄脆餅乾、新鮮麪包或者法國長麪包來招待他們。
City officials have requested reimbursement from the federal government for providing security for Mr. Trump, a cost they estimate will reach $35 million by his Jan. 20 inauguration.	有市政官員已經要求聯邦政府報銷給特朗普提供安全保障的支出，據他們估計，至特朗普1月20日正式就職，這筆費用會達到3500萬美元。
The RCMP said its investigation is continuing.	皇家騎警稱調查正在繼續。
Restaurant light box production must have characteristics, to attract customers.	餐廳燈箱製作肯定要具有特色，要做到吸引顧客。
Many holidaymakers head to the sandy beach at Eraclea to escape the hordes of tourists in nearby Venice.	許多度假者前往埃拉克萊沙灘以躲避附近威尼斯地區的大羣觀光客。
Motorway cones he calls "road-stoppers".	比如，當他出水痘時，他稱水痘爲“小雞點”，他把高速公路上的錐形路標稱作“道路攔截者”。
This will be a document that you give to a tester.	這樣就會形成你給測試者的一個文件。
Then, he carefully attached the puffs to a wedding dress frame, and Viktoriya spent a couple hours each night before the wedding modeling the dress as Shtefano added more puffs.	後來他小心翼翼地將奶油酥附在婚紗內襯上。 在婚禮前的每天晚上，當希特法諾爲婚紗內襯外加奶油酥時，維克多利亞都要用兩小時的時間來作婚紗模特。
I gave her five gray Persian cats(I love cats) and an Irish wolfhound.	她還有五個灰色波斯貓（我喜歡貓）和愛爾蘭獵狼犬。
Mudstone caprocks control the accumulation horizon of hydrocarbons, multiple transport systems determine that the unconformity surface is the favorable position for hydrocarbon accumulation.	泥岩蓋層控制了油氣富集的層位；複式輸導體系決定了不整合面上下是油氣富集的有利部位；
The soil mesofauna tends to gather on soil surface, but the vertical migrating greatly varies in different seasons affected by climate condition, edatope, artificial factor and so on.	土壤動物具有表聚性，但是在不同季節，由於受氣候條件、土壤環境、人爲因素的影響，土壤動物的垂直分佈有明顯變化。
Instead of OpenOffice, you’ll find LibreOffice for office use, and for playing music and videos, Banshee is now the default player.	你會發現辦公套件使用了LibreOffice而非OpenOffice，Banshee成了播放音樂和影片的默認播放器。
"Motorists must be disciplined. They must not cross into other people's lanes, " said motorist Eko Juli.	駕車者伊柯•朱力說：“所有的駕車者都應該遵守交通規則，不可隨意串並車道。”
Only after practicing 1188 times can you speak Happy English like your mother tongue and Dialect language native !	只有練到1188遍，你才能真正說得像母語和當地出生的方言一樣！
These feelings grew so powerful that, in spite of the inclement weather, he resolved to visit Peter Goldthwaite immediately.	這些念頭越來越強烈，於是顧不得天氣險惡，他決心立刻動身去看彼得。
In his article, “The Skills That Really Matter, ” Lundquist shared the top 15 skills IT managers are looking for in entry-level employees, as compiled by Society for Information Management (SIM).	在他的文章“真正有用的技巧”中，Lundquist分享了IT經理在入門級員工中尋找的15個頂級技巧，這是由信息管理協會提煉出來的。
They add: "Further large-scale community-based studies are warranted to identify clinically relevant cut-off points for albuminuria as a predictor for HF."	他們還補充到：“進一步大規模的社區研究可以證實蛋白尿可作爲預測HF的臨牀診斷切入點。”
Even if you have the next great idea for a screenplay, you're not guaranteed to get anything made, let alone get paid for your idea.	即使你對劇本有了一個近乎偉大的想法，也不能保證你從做過的事中獲得什麼，更不用說從你的想法中獲得報酬了。
Result: the research shows that part of higher school students are sub-health, most of undergraduates'sleep quality and body building are above average;	結論：本研究結果顯示成都市部分高校大學生半數以上處於亞健康狀態，多數大學生睡眠質量和身體鍛鍊量處於中等以上水平；
The reaction of ozone destruction is the chain reaction.	破壞臭氧的反應是鏈反應。
So the subsidies and mandates offered to renewable sources of power such as wind turbines often just level the playing field.	因此，向可再生動力資源（如風力渦輪機）提供的津貼和要求往往只是平衡競爭環境。
Fabio was awarded in Madrid as best player of the past season by the 44000 professional footballers all over the world.	這個協會是由44000名職業足球運動員組成，他被評選爲上賽季最佳運動員。
It's likely that taking a fresh approach to publishing this information may help provide that context, which is something newly-launched sites like Intersect are trying to accomplish.	這可能是因爲採取了新的方法來發布這些信息可能有助於提供這方面內容，這是新近推出的試圖有所作爲交叉點像。
The popular use of the shortened disyllabic words indicates that the double character form has become the paradigm of Chinese word - formation due to its very strong ability of word generation.	簡縮式雙音詞的流行使用表明“雙字格”憑着極強的新詞生成能力已成爲漢語構詞範式。
But chairman of the magistrates Alan Griffins said: ‘You were ordered to refrain from screaming and shouting at such levels when engaging in sexual activity with your husband.	但地方法官的主席阿蘭.格里芬說：“當你和你的丈夫發生性行爲時，你必須得剋制這種程度的尖叫和叫喊”。
She had another daughter, Emily, born on her missing brother's first birthday but then, more pain.	接着她又有了另一個女兒愛米莉，正好出生在她哥哥的的生日那天，這使我更加難過。
The second is that a systematic error exists, resulting from the attrition voltage and contact electric potential difference.	存在一個由消耗電壓與接觸電勢差導致的系統誤差。
Chapter 2: expounds on the laughter-eliciting mechanism of humor: Incongruity Theory.	第二章闡述幽默致笑機制：不協調理論。
Trypsin and flavorzyme were regarded as the compound enzyme in comparison with hydrolysis rate and bitterness value of other proteinase.	通過對蛋白酶水解度和苦味值的比較，確定了胰蛋白酶和複合風味蛋白酶作爲復配酶。
Professor Shephard: The atorvastatin and amlodipine combination is a particular case in point.	Shephard教授：阿託伐他汀和氨氯地平的聯合應用確實是一個特別的例子。
Design of high frequency lock-in amplifier applied in R-MOG . Chinese J.	一種應用於諧振式微型光學陀螺的高頻鎖相放大器的設計。
According to one tale, fairies from heaven came down to the Sangjokgul Cave to weave clothes out of brocade for the King of Heaven, and bathed in the Seonnyoetang.	傳說牀石窟是仙女下凡，擺放織機，爲玉皇大帝紡織錦衣的地方，而仙女湯則是仙女們沐浴的地方。
The inhibitive mechanisms of IMC-C5 inhibitor under the circumstance were discussed.	講座討論了IMC-C5緩蝕劑對該體系的緩蝕作用機理。
Lawrie et al. determined that patients with diffuse large B cell lymphoma had high serum levels of miR-21, which associated with increased relapse-free survival 3.	Lawrie等人證實，瀰漫性大B細胞淋巴瘤的病人的血清miR-21水平很高，後者與增高的不復發存活率密切相關。
He kept on riding and riding, whipping the horse to go as fast as possible. When he was hungry or tired, he did not stop because he wanted to cover as much area as possible.	他快馬加鞭，不停地騎呀騎，即使是餓了或累了也不停下，因爲他想盡量多跑一些地方。
I may have to re-weld the top tube for vertical head tube and add some length for more foot to blade clearance .	我可能必須重新焊接管頂端的垂直領導管並增加一些長度爲更多的步行刀片清除。
Anne closed her book and stood up.	安尼合上書，站了起來。
2：The battle to pass the President's  budget plan through  Congress turned out to be a real knock-down drag-out fight, with loud arguments, hot tempers and a very close final vote.	原來總統的預算規劃在國會通過的時候引起了激烈萬分的論戰。 參與者情緒激憤地大聲爭辯，表決的票數也十分接近。
Objective To study the changes of coagulation with severe acute cholangitis (ACST).	目的觀察重症急性膽管炎（ACST）的病人凝血的變化。
The attackers also hurled grenades.	襲擊者還投擲了手雷。
A specialized type does not need to change the class attribute for elements that it does not specialize, but simply reuses by reference from more generic levels.	專門化類型不一定要改變未專門化元素的 class 屬性，值需要通過引用更一般的層級重用。
The Great Sphinx in Egypt might have originally had the face of a lion (see photo), a UK geologist claimed recently.	英國地質學家近日表示，埃及斯芬克斯獅身人面像最初可能是一尊完整的獅子雕像（見圖）。
Other nude contracts which do not have the stipulation, may suitablly grant the rule of dotation contract.	贈與合同作爲單務無償合同的典型，在《中華人民共和國合同法》中有其特殊的地位。
Don't be non-committal and say something vague like, "Can I help you?"	不要害怕承諾並說一些模糊的話，“需要我的幫忙嗎?。
And in the twentieth year of Jeroboam king of Israel reigned Asa over Judah.	猶大王亞撒第三年，亞希雅的兒子巴沙在得撒登基作以色列的王，共二十四年。
Results After three acupuncture treatments, Huiyang(BL 35) could relieve urination problems(P< 0.05) and Huantiao could just relieve dripping and urgent urination(P< 0.05);	結果針刺3次後，會陽組可緩解各項排尿異常症狀（P<0.05），環跳組僅可改善排尿不盡感、尿急（P<0.05）；
The club's interior reinterprets the classic house party by feeling and functioning like you've entered someone's private home.	該俱樂部的內部重新解釋了家的感覺的經典黨和你一樣的運作已經進入別人的私人住宅。
Chinese thinkers did not stress the individuated self as a positive good in contrast to the collective, although there was a clear idea of personal development to become a 'gentleman' or 'sage'.	中國的思想家們明確傳達了個人可以通過修身而成爲“君子”或“聖人”的觀念，但是，他們沒有強調獨立相對於集體來說是個體的自我是“現實的善”。
Last June, when sales in the Manhattan market were still largely stalled, a Russian businessman agreed to pay $18 million for the apartment, in Trump International Hotel and Tower.	去年6月，在曼哈頓房地產市場的銷售基本上還陷入停頓之際，一名俄羅斯商人同意出價1,800萬美元買下這套位於Trump國際酒店大廈的公 寓。
We are committed to help them do the latter.	我們承諾將幫助他們化敵爲友。
In order for jBPM to be able to use our custom task instance implementation we also need to provide a custom task instance factory (Listing 10)	要讓jBPM能夠使用我們的自定義任務實例實現，我們還需要提供一個自定義的任務實例工廠（清單10）。
When you get the screen for CD-KEY just ignore it leaving blank.	當你在屏幕上的CD - KEY只是忽略它留下的空白。
Yesterday, Tzu Chi USA headquarters sent a preliminary survey team of three volunteers to the border of the neighboring Dominican Republic, to establish a disaster relief command center.	美國慈濟總會派遣三人先遣小組到鄰近多明尼加共和國，成立海地賑災的前進指揮中心。
He's saved his neck, thanks to his counsel, but people will always suspect him.	多虧他的辯護律師他才免於一死，但人們將永遠以懷疑的眼光來看待他。
The spring water is of dark green, deep and running all the year round.	泉水碧綠凝重，深不見底，終年涌流不息。
I ain't so very drunk, Melly.	我並沒有那麼醉，梅勒妮。
Daniele De Rossi equalised for the Italians in the 63rd minute, stabbing home from close range after Paraguayan keeper Justo Villar flapped and failed to cut out a Simone Pepe corner.	第63分鐘，佩佩左側開出角球，巴拉圭門將比利亞爾出擊判斷出現失誤，未能將皮球解圍，後點的德羅西近距離墊射破網，爲意大利將比分扳平。
In addition, the greatest characteristic of HAN mode on performance is no threshold voltage. Therefore, it is able to result electro-optic property from applying extremely lower voltage.	而HAN模式在性能上的最大特徵是不存在閥值電壓，因而只要外加極低的電壓就能產生光電效應。
The little Saint Teresa bum was the first genuine Dharma Bum I'd met, and the second was the number one Dharma Bum of them all and in fact it was he, Japhy Ryder, who coined the phrase.	這個聖特蕾莎流浪漢便是我所遇到的第一個真正的“達摩流浪者”，而第二個便是頭號“達摩流浪者”賈菲·萊德，事實上也正是他發明了這個詞。
Asked his cloud ginger can wait, cloud ginger agreed.	問雲姜能不能等待自己，雲姜同意了。 。
I'm not sure who experienced the most joy—the husband in giving, the wife in receiving, or myself in having the opportunity to share in this special moment.	我不能確定誰更感到高興，贈送者的丈夫，還是承受者的妻子，或是我，在這個特別的時辰無機會分享這一幕。
The ability of man's fallen mind to turn back from its captivity to Satan is rooted in the promise of a Redeemer.	那提拔人類墮落的心意使之轉離撒旦奴役的能力，乃是深植於賜下救贖主的應許。
The researchers estimated about 1 million cases of influenza-linked severe pneumonia, representing 7% or 1 in 14 of all severe pediatric pneumonia cases globally.	研究人員估計約有100萬例流感相關的重症肺炎病例，佔全球所有兒童嚴重肺炎病例的7％或1/14。
With the coming of "post-modern" in the 60s of 20th century, man enters the "post-mankind time" as well and begins the new era of "post-mankind evolution".	隨着2 0世紀6 0年代後現代的到來，人類也進入“後人類時代” ，開始“後人類進化”的新紀元。
And then she goes walking and finds a pocket watch and she thinks, "Wow. This is pretty cool."	後來在走路的時候發現了一隻懷錶，於是她想‘哇，真酷’。
For example, overweight customers who find they have two copies of TCF7L2 really do have something to think about.	例如，那些找到他們有兩個tcf7l2 副本的體重過重的顧客的確要做一些認真的思考。
World leaders said Monday the end is near for Moammar Gadhafi's regime and began planning for Libya's future without the man who has held power there for 42 years. (AP Photo/Sergey Ponomarev)	週一，世界各國領導人稱穆阿邁爾•卡扎菲政權即將倒臺，並開始利比亞的未來做打算，而在這個利比亞,那個掌權42年的人已經不在。
Conceptually, when you use Dynamic UI Management, you add another step to the process of generating a user-specific content model.	在概念上，當使用 Dynamic UI Management 時，您可以將另一個步驟添加到生成特定於用戶內容模型的流程中。
Now there are 115 companies in the park and the processing capacity of annual dismantling is I to 1.5 million tons and it forms market of metal raw material that has great influences in China.	目前入園企業115家，年拆解加工能力爲100—150萬噸，形成了在全國有一定影響的有色金屬原材料市場。
German projects in the pipeline in China include a €150m ($220m) tyre plant to be built by Continental in Hefei, and two joint-ventures being set up by Daimler to build vans and trucks.	德國在中國的管道項目包括大陸（Continental）公司在合肥建的一座耗資1.5億歐元的輪胎廠，以及戴姆勒建立的兩家生產貨車和卡車的合資企業。
A pool-culture experiment as conducted to study the effects of potassium humate on the growth and active oxygen metabolism of ginger root.	採用池栽試驗方法研究了腐植酸鉀對生薑根系生長髮育及活性氧代謝的影響。
In the interpretation of this secret, the Fuli Sen is Sam Walton, for example: he often disturb the market price.	在解釋這條祕訣時，福利森是以山姆·沃爾頓爲例的：他經常擾亂市場價格。
The near side is always facing Earth and the far side is always facing away, because the moon revolves around the Earth at the same rate that it rotates on its own axis.	近地半球總是面對地球，遠地半球總是遠離地球，因爲月球在繞地球旋轉的同時，它也在以同樣的速率繞自己的軸自轉。
I'm sorry about it, fish.	我爲這件事感到真抱歉，魚啊。
Would you please send us catalogue, price list, together with the samples of your products?	您能惠寄貴公司產品的目錄，價格表和樣品嗎?。
Sleep researchers believe that many people shift from being temporary night owls in their teens to early 20s (due to hormonal surges) to being morning persons in their 30s onward.	研究睡眠的專家認爲人們在20歲左右的年齡因爲荷爾蒙激增的原因會暫時性的習慣晚睡，到了30歲左右就會成爲早睡早起的人。
Three days later fireman bob picked up billy dressed him in his fire uniform and escorted him from his hospital bed to the ladder truck.	三天後，消防員鮑勃來接比利，爲他穿上消防制服，從醫院病牀一直陪同來到裝着長梯的消防車上。
N. statistics say 2,777 died last year, nearly 75 percent at Taliban hands.	美方的數據稱，去年2777起死亡中，接近75%是塔利班乾的。
The installed capacity of the substation and power consumption will be further reduced as applying regenerative braking.	再生制動的應用則可進一步減少牽引變電所的安裝容量和供電網的能耗。
They all wore the most expensive clothes and had beautiful, long, curly hair.	她們都穿着最昂貴的衣服，留着長長的美麗的鬈髮。
Today is the 200th day of Ggong's 20s.	今天是「孔侑20時」開播200天的日子。
They told me that their desire was to follow God' s directive to be "salt" and "light" in the world (Matt. 5:13-14).	他們告訴我，他們不過是渴望遵循上帝的命令，在世上作「光」作「鹽」（馬太福音5章13-14節）。
According to dialectical materialism and historical Chinasm, China s government has applied flexible policies to the economic development, as a result, continuous success are achieved.	我國根據經濟社會發展不同階段的具體實際，始終堅持辨證唯物主義和歷史唯物主義方法論，並有力地促進了經濟社會發展不斷取得新的成就。
These two regional systems seal the high wax petroleum system and the normal system respectively.	兩套區域封蓋體系分別對高蠟油和正常油的油氣系統起到非常重要的封蓋作用。
The other three segments of the financial markets - money, debt and credit markets - could be impacted indirectly.	金融市場的其中三個部分——貨幣、債券和信貸市場——會受到間接影響。
Please Don't Will ID Or Password To Other People, FCT Will Can't Be Responsible For Any Duty.	請勿將帳號或密碼給別人，社區聯盟將不會負上任何責任。
Going by the screenshots it looks like Konami have followed in the footsteps of the FIFA manager mode and then a step further too.	依照這些圖片，Konami看起來已經跟隨着FIFA經理模式的腳印而且也在這基礎上踏出了一大步。
But above all else, just ditch the pickup lines and other verbal techniques, because that 7% ain’t gonna help much.	除此之外，放棄那些沒話找話的搭訕以及其他語言技巧吧，因爲那7%的作用幫不上太大的忙。
Japanese firm has come up with a holographic character that is also a smart home device.	這是由一家日本公司研發的全息投影式角色，她還是一位智能家居助手。
Lies of omission and commission.	不作爲和抽傭的謊言。
The national leaders have approved the strategy of "promote economy cooperation around Beibu Gulf".	廣西北部灣經濟區在泛北經濟合作中具有戰略地位。
Mark Melligen of the Philippines, right, takes a punch from Gabriel Martinez of Mexico during their 10-round welterweight fight at the Mandalay Bay Events Center in Las Vegas on Feb. 19.	菲律賓選手Mark Melligen（右）經受墨西哥選手Gabriel Martinez的一拳。 2月19日，這場10回合的次中量級比賽在拉斯維加斯的曼德勒海灣活動中心舉行。
I like drawing so much that I spent lots of time drawing pictures and read books about drawing every day.	自己是如斯喜好畫畫致使於自己天天花年夜量地時間畫畫和看繪畫方面地冊本。
He barks and cries at the same time, wags  his tail so hard that he wipes up the garage floor with his fuzzy butt, and  he tinkles.	他又叫又鬧，使勁搖着尾巴，毛茸茸的尾巴尖兒在車庫的地板上掃來掃去，脖子上的鈴鐺叮噹作響。
They must have strong longings that lures them to attend MEC.	他們一定有很強烈的渴望促使他們參加英語角。
Methods: Mental health status of college students were estimated using SCL - 90, 16PF, LES, CSQ and SSRS.	方法：採用系列心理衛生評定質量SCL-90、16PF、LES、CSQ、SSRS等對大學生心理健康進行評定。
Many companies have successfully used the stray remarks doctrine, in California and beyond, to defeat discrimination cases at the summary judgment stage.	在加州和其他各州，許多公司已成功地運用這一理論在簡易判決階段就打贏了歧視官司。
The deal hasn't been announced by governments in either China or North Korea. The LAT cited business people and Korean analysts as the source of their report.	中國和朝鮮政府都沒有宣佈此項協議。《洛杉磯時報》的消息來源是商人和韓國分析人士。
Apply the established evaluation criteria number system to research the ride feature of WMTC test cycle and the difference with FTP, ECE etc emission test cycle.	利用所建立的評價準則數體系，研究了WMTC測試循環的行駛特徵及其與FTP、ECE等排放測試循環的差異。
The 2~(nd) Industrial Revolution and establishment of Capitalism made profound innovation in politics, economy, and social thought fields, and also induced appearance of Realism in Europe.	第二次工業革命的全面開展和資本主義制度的確立帶給西方國家政治、經濟、社會思想的深刻變革，也促成寫實主義（現實主義）文藝流派在歐洲的盛行。
Jane Wangui owns a hair salon in downtown Nairobi, one of a handful of shops in the area open for business on Friday.	簡。旺桂是內羅畢市中心一家美容店的老闆，這家店也是星期五爲數不多仍在營業的店鋪之一。
However, your journey is not yet over. Diablo still roams free in Hell, marshalling his demonic forces. Only when he is beaten will our world finally have peace.	不過，你的旅程還沒有結束。暗黑破壞神已經在地獄中自由了，正在集結他的惡魔大軍。只有打倒他，我們的世界纔會獲得真正的和平。
MBL's work is truly amazing, thank you for letting me be a part of it.	MBL的工作確實是驚人的，謝謝你讓我成爲一部分。
The elections in Tunisia and the dramatic demise of former Libyan leader Muammar al-Qaddafi have pushed the allegations of an Iran-sponsored plot to assassinate the Saudi envoy to Washington on U.	突尼斯的選舉和利比亞前領導人卡扎菲的悲慘結局之後，伊朗暗殺沙特特使的陰謀已逐漸走上華盛頓的前臺。
Pricing of active and reactive power is integrated efficiently. The problem that how to recover the cost of the generators which operate in the under excitation condition is resolved successfully.	該方法適用於存在環流的網絡，有效地解決了發電機進相運行時生產的成本回收問題，並將負荷有功、無功電價計算有效地統一起來；
Stone Soup Stories to Go!	石頭湯（故事去！）
The centre-right government of President Sebastián Piñera agrees.	皮涅拉（Sebastián Piñera）總統中央集權政府承認這樣的事實。
It can also be of great use for debugging performance problems, thanks to the presence of microsecond precision in the trace timestamps.	由於跟蹤時間戳具有毫秒級的精度，方法跟蹤還可以用來調試性能問題。
The weather became so bad that they had to turn back.	天氣變得很壞，他們只好原路而歸了。
Effects of low-temperature annealing on oxygen precipitate nucleation in heavily arsenic-doped Czochralski silicon;	研究了五種不同的熱處理氣氛對直拉硅中氧沉澱及其誘生缺陷的影響。
He lived in Gold Lion Hotel, it's an ancient building about 350 years old.	他住在金獅旅館，這是一個有將近350年曆史的古建築。
The socks, which are low cut and 90 percent bamboo, were the "coziest and thickest"and provided "comfortable ankle padding" in seated postures, she said.	這種含90%的竹纖維短襪，是“最舒服，厚實：，而且在坐姿時可以提供”舒適的墊着腳踝“。
Director Louis Leterrier is a big fan of Clash of the Titans (1981), having watched it in his childhood.	自兒時看過1981年版《諸神之戰》後，導演路易斯·萊特里爾便成爲了該片的狂熱粉絲。
Ayutthaya you how deep I love more than stupid, too seriously? Or dumb?	你的城府有多深，我愛的多蠢，是太認真？還是太笨？
Russia's anti-gay legislation is one of multiple criticisms facing the nation ahead of the Sochi Games.	俄羅斯關於反同性戀的立法是索契奧運會前面臨的衆多指責之一。
And as soon as this condition or these conditions evaluate to false, the whole loop terminates.	一旦這個條件或這些條件不成立,整個循環終止。
With Mount Kilimanjaro looming in the distance, its wide-open, rolling grasslands offer some of the most jaw-dropping scenery in a country full of such views.	遠處的乞力馬扎羅山，時隱時現，視野一片開闊。 茫茫草原，“草”浪翻滾，目及之處，景色怡人，目不暇接。
Translatability sometimes seems impossible between different cultures, but equivalents close in meaning do exist.	不同文化之間雖然存在不可譯性，但也存在意義相近的對應詞。
He came to welcome me with a handshake.	他來與我握手錶示歡迎。
Business Goal: produce the first class brand.	企業目標：創一流的品牌。
Clean and bright, You look happy to meet me.	小而白，潔又亮，見到我你面露喜色。
A Reuters survey found economists expect Friday's Labor Department report on June non-farm payrolls to show a decline of 110,000.	一項路透調查顯示,經濟學家預計週五公佈的月度就業報告顯示,6月就業人口減少11萬人.
Semi-finals: 2 halves, 10 minutes for each half, with 1 minute break.	半決賽的時間是上下半場各10分鐘，中間休息1分鐘；
Once again park well away from the area.	再說一遍，把車停得遠遠的。
Shen Cheng is a project official with the animal-protection group ACTAsia.	沈成，動物保護組織“行動亞洲”項目官員。
This programme is for students who have completed 'high school' but do not have suitable English or level of academic qualifications to enter the first year of University.	該課程是爲高中畢業但沒有相應的語言成績或英語達不到課程要求的學生設立的，讀完後進入大一學習。
Those goods are available in strong wooden drums of 1,2,5,10 and 20 litres.	這些貨物分別裝入1、2、5、10、20升的木桶裏。
Ageing will put pressure on societies at all levels.	老齡問題將對社會各階層帶來壓力。
The real Ken did not like the three-dimensional Barbie dolls, being described as having the appearance of "a woman who sold sex".	真正的肯不喜歡三維芭比娃娃，這種娃娃被描繪成具有”出賣肉體之女人“的模樣。
Once the registry shows an accurate address, you can 'Re-Initiate' the transfer via your Go Daddy account under "Pending Domain Transfers".	一旦註冊表顯示了一個正確噠地址，伱可以的'重新開始'噠爸爸通過您噠訪提問在“掛起噠域名轉讓帳戶”轉移。
What sequela is there after becoming gall-stone operation?	做了膽結石手術後有什麼後遺症嗎？
A few more labored breaths as his blurred vision slowly reveals what has happened.	他又重重地喘息了幾下，透過模糊的視線，他慢慢地明白髮生了什麼事。
anywhere you want to go,  there's always somebody friendly.	無論你想去哪兒，都會有些友好的人。
He sorted out and standardized Mongolian writing system; his grammar works is the foundational works for later Mongolian grammar study.	他整理並規範了蒙古文書寫系統，編寫的語法著作是後世蒙古語語法研究的奠基作品。
The timeout parameter is ignored in Version 6 unless you have applied APAR PK10512.	除非應用了 APAR PK10512，否則在 V6 中會忽略 timeout 參數。
You neednt worry, my little treasure.	別擔心，我的小寶貝。
Then from the "Yang Jia Case", it explains the loss of criminal discovery in judicial practice and the urgency to establish it.	然後以“楊佳案”爲例，說明證據開示在司法實踐中的缺失及建立的緊迫性。
少数中国科学家认为根本没有必要存在以中文为主要语言的研究性杂志。	A minority of Chinese scientists argue that there is no need for Chinese-language primary research journals at all.
Orlando led by as many as 10 points in the first half before Evans made a free throw and hit a 3 in the final minute before halftime to cut the Magic's leads to 51-49.	奧蘭多在埃文斯投中一個罰球和上半場結束前中一個三分前領先10分之多，之後半場只以51比49領先。
Causes of accidents, in which operators were hit and injured by pipe tongs during oil well repair, were analyzed.	分析了在石油修井作業過程中造成管鉗打傷操作人員的事故原因；
RTC delivers a straightforward agile process out of the box.	RTC 交付一個現成的直截了當的敏捷過程。
Done. See you tomorrow.	一言爲定。明天見！
For improving the curative effect, ethmoid nerve cauterization and nasal septum correction or the partial cut of the infraturbinal can be performed during the endoscopic operation.	結論：鼻內窺鏡下切斷翼管神經較經上頜竇途徑更簡捷、準確，可同時配合下鼻甲、鼻中隔手術或篩前神經電灼術以提高療效。
According to the experiences in the practical production, the routine maintenance and faults treatment methods of polyester polycondensation vaccum situation were put forward.	結合生產實踐經驗，提出了聚酯縮聚反應真空狀況的日常維護及故障的處理方法。
You can track the resources in your lab by usin the lab management tools.	您可以通過在您的實驗室使用實驗室管理工具來跟蹤這些資源。
For instance, Christmas gifts and toys, they are exported around the world.	例如，聖誕禮品和玩具，它們是出口世界各地。
The perfumed flowers are our sisters, the deer, the horse, the great eagle, these are our brothers.	芬芳的花朵是我的姊妹， 鹿兒、 馬兒和巨雕都是我們的兄弟。
Its cabinet was a cube of steel with a painted-on mahogany grain.	它的櫥櫃是用一塊立方鐵打成的，上面刻畫着一束褐色的穀物。
Like so many other advancements in the world -- including the first photographs and early silent movies -- the snowman was right there, showing up front and center.	世界上很多新事物都出現在上面——比如第一張照片，無聲電影——接下來流行的便是雪人了。
The northwest boundary had gone deep into the pure pasture zone in a northward direction, and farming-pastoral ecotone near southeast boundary had changed to pure farming zone.	西北界已向北深入到純牧區，東南界附近也由農牧交錯區轉成純農區。
The Rassanance make people regained their natural inner strength, and people express their admiration to the heros, using the pose of human sculpture.	文藝復興使人們找回自身的力量，對英雄的崇敬和力量的讚美通過人物雕塑充滿生機的姿勢體現出來；
After just one day in Los Angeles, Elvis asked Schilling to fly with him back to the capital.	在洛杉磯停留一天後，艾爾維斯讓先林隨他一起飛往首都。
Product use: vehicles quick start. Have energy-saving, save time, energy.	產品用途：車輛快速啓動。具有節能、省時、省力。
He eased some of the strains on the poor.	緩解了窮人的壓力。
But immediately,very early, you start hearing the Greeks talk about the polis in terms that are more in your mind than in touch.	但是當你在很早的時候一聽到,希臘人說到城邦這個術語的時候,你能立刻想到的就比你接觸到的要多
The East Wu transplantated the Nine grade system in the area south of the Yangtze River related to the common historical backgrounds and conditions with Wei, and the transplantation was…	東吳將九品中正制移植於江南，既和魏、吳兩個分立的政權有着相同的歷史淵源和歷史條件有關，同時也是東吳政權在實現其全面江東化過程中採取的重要措施之一。
The cause of vibration on the turbogenerator stator end winding is analyzed, and the meaning of natural frequency test and vibration measurement is discussed.	本文分析了引起汽輪發電機定子繞組端部振動的原因，以及固有頻率試驗和振動測量的意義。
"For a long time Steven Gerrard has played for Liverpool as a second forward but this year he is playing as a midfielder, " said the Italian.	“很長一段時間，傑拉德在利物浦都是被當做影鋒來用，但今年他又打回了原來的中場位置。”意大利人說。
Anonymous. " Woodruff introduced the six bottle carton in 1923."	伍德拉夫介紹了六瓶紙箱於1923年。
The present invention relates to thermal compression bonding method for combination pole. First, provide plastic combination base with its combination surface down toward;	本發明涉及一種結合柱的熱壓合方法，首先提供一塑膠材質的結合座，其中該 結合座的結合面方向是朝下；
Results from empirical analysis indicate the positive correlation between stock market index and enterprise prosperity index as well as industry value added. The negative correlation between sto…	具體而言，股票價格指數與企業景氣指標、工業增加值之間呈正相關關係，而與利率、貨幣供給之間是一種負相關關係，與通貨膨脹率之間的關係則不確定。
Her Life Line is a green ocean-plant, forest.	她的生命線是綠色的海洋草木，森林。
It takes away our edge, makes us groggy, and disrupts our sleep.	它讓我們反應遲鈍，頭昏腦脹，擾亂我們的睡眠。
Wherever he goes, Alexander is embraced by the Egyptians as the Great Deliverer. Linked by years of Persian oppression, Greece and Egypt are at last united under a single sovereign.	各地的埃及人都視亞歷山大爲偉大的救主，多年來飽受波斯人欺壓的希臘和埃及終於統一。
This measure will be of great important to prevent traffic congestion, reduce inner-urban parking demand, and assure the city to develop persistently.	它對緩解城市中心的交通擁擠、停車難問題以及保證城市未來的可持續發展都具有重大意義。
Tudor would be seen as a direct replacement for Christoph Metzelder who will be joining Real Madrid at the seasons end.	梅策爾德即將前往皇馬另謀高就，一旦圖多爾加盟多特蒙德，他將是這名大將當仁不讓的替代人選。
Walter is too loud, Walter talks too fast, Walter says too much, and yet--- Walter 's vulgarity is something great.	沃爾特嗓門太大，說話太快，說得太多，然而……沃爾特的粗俗倒是透出了幾分了不起。
And those grownup who lose to a kid have the audacity to complaint?	這些輸了的成年人還有臉抱怨？
Post-impressionism reflected a number of the same attitudes as symbolism in literature.	後印象派反映了大量與文學象徵主義相似的態度。
Then, the affected factors, such as legal obstacles, the economic development in fisheries society and the quality of fishermen, were analyzed.	分析了影響流轉的限制因素，如法律障礙、漁區經濟發展水平、漁民自身素質等；
The headmaster saw me draw the picture on the blackboard I'm for it now.	校長看見我在黑板上畫畫，這下子我可惹出麻煩了。 收藏。
Stars and planets form within swirling clouds of dust and gas that visible light cannot penetrate, but which infra-red radiation can.	那些漩渦狀的塵埃氣體雲是恆星和行星誕生的搖籃，雖然可見光無法穿透其間，但是紅外光卻可以做到。
Two jockeys were thrown in the second race.	有兩個騎師在第二場賽馬時摔了下來。
Every time when I get home, they come to me and kiss my toes. They are so cute.	她們從來都不打架，每次我回家的時候，她們都會跑上來親我的腳趾頭。
All of them insisted on my staying with them a few days longer.	他們所有的人都堅持要我再跟他們多呆幾天時間。
The relationship between bond valence and bond covalency has been investigated by a semiempirical method.	方法研究了固體材料中鍵電荷與鍵共價性的關係。
We'll be late for the meeting if we stay any longer.	再不走我們開會就要遲到了。
This thesis offers the basic accounting theories and methods of open-ended fund, studies how to do accountancy of OEF.	論述並研究了開放式基金的基本會計理論，包括會計基本假設、會計要素和會計確認和計量的特殊性；
Results All 24 case patients were made better (through enhancing airway wetness, patting back, routine sucking sputum and sucking with fibrobronchscope.	結果24例患者通過積極有效治療（包括加強氣道溼化、加強拍背、常規吸痰以及纖支鏡、支氣管肺泡灌洗等） ，病情明顯好轉。
Direct fetal injury is an infrequent complication of blunt trauma.	胎兒直接損傷是鈍器傷的罕見併發症。
Oracle (ORCL 24.47, +0.33, +1.37%) announced Monday that it hired Hurd as president -- just one month after he abruptly resigned from H-P following an internal probe of a sexual-harassment accusation.	甲骨文週一宣佈將聘任Hurd作爲其新一任總裁，一個月前，Hurd曾接受了惠普性騷擾事件的內部調查，此後迅速向惠普集團遞請辭職。
Build a sub-process that you can use to manage larger business systems.	構建可以用來管理較大業務系統的子流程。
This depends on who owns the object, i. e. the owner sends and all others receive.	這個依賴於誰擁有這個物體，例如，所有者發送，其他物體接收。
But it also became a day for national celebration, when rescuers saved 115 workers who were trapped for more than a week in the flooded Wangjialing Coal Mine in Shanxi province.	但今年清明也成爲全國上下歡欣鼓舞的日子，山西王家嶺礦難中，被困井下超過一週的115名礦工終於獲救。
He came in, holding a cigarette between his lips.	他嘴上叨着香菸走了進來。
Infrastructure: Without organizational (senior management) support, long-term process improvement is unlikely.	基礎結構：組織高層領導菂支持才能保證長期菂過程改進。
Today, this concept has reached every corner of the globe. Decathlon has 405 stores in 13 countries, with 35,000 staff and products manufactured in 16 countries.	目前，迪卡儂在13個國家開設了405家連鎖商場，並在16個國家組織產品的生產，全球共有35，000名員工。
The structure of eccentric pressured moving moulding board of vertical injection press was optimally designed by using the machine design and the finite element analysis.	用機械優化設計技術和有限元分析法，對立式注射機偏心受力活動模板進行了結構優化。
Objective To study the relationship between oxidizing damage and pathogeny of mice with Pneumocystis carinii pneumonia (PCP).	目的探討卡氏肺孢子蟲感染大鼠後氧自由基產生組織氧化損害與發病之間的關係。
He gave it me at Savannah, when he lay a-dying, like as if I was to now, you see.	他在薩瓦納臨死時交待給了我，就像我現在要交待給你一樣。
It's a familiar story. Kids grow up, parents sell the family home and move to some sunnier climate, some condo somewhere, some smaller abode.	這樣的故事讓你覺得似曾相識孩子長大了，父母們便要把老家賣掉，搬到氣候更宜人的地方去，住公寓或更小的房子。
The most common scenarios of organizing test automation group activities namely 'Independent, 'Merged' & 'Consultancy' is being discussed along with the benefits and losses.	組織測試自動化組活動的最常見場景即‘獨立式’，‘合併式’和‘顧問式’會和收益和損失在一起討論。
This skill-oriented teaching method runs counter to the philosophy of higher normal education.	這種以專業技能爲主的教學模式背離了高師教育的宗旨。
Like Keynes, Tobin was an advocate for the role of government in maintaining full employment, said James Galbraith, an economist at the University of Texas in Austin.	和凱恩斯一樣，託賓是政府扮演維持充分就業角色的擁護者，詹姆斯·加爾佈雷斯，奧斯汀得克薩斯大學的經濟學家說。
Thunderbird can't be set to automatically show a CC or BCC line in a new email you're composing.	在編寫新郵件時，雷鳥不能被設定爲能自動顯示“抄送”或“密送”行。
Bandengqiao is largely flat, which could be reassuring apt traumatized earthquake survivors favor Li Yulan, christian louboutin, a 37-year-old mother of 2 from Chengjiaba, a town in Beichuan.	對於像37歲的李玉蘭（音）一樣在地震中飽受創傷的倖存者來說，地勢平坦的板凳橋能讓他們安心。已爲人母的李玉蘭來自北川陳家壩鎮。
The hotel is in front of the post office.	旅館在郵電局的前面。
Are you working with GLAAD on that story and what can viewers expect?	你是否有與同性戀者反誹謗聯盟協商過？ 你覺得觀衆希望看到什麼樣的故事呢？
TAKAHASHI: In middle school, i was active in the tennis club and i drew manga as a hobby.	高橋：初中的時候我很活躍於網球社團，畫漫畫也是愛好之一。
ARSENIC AND WELL WATER: The world's worst toxic problems are not confined solely to industrial pursuits. Arsenic leaching into groundwater afflicts some 750,000 people, largely in south Asia.	含砷的井水：世界上最嚴重的有毒問題不只侷限與工業，浸析在地下水的砷影響了主要分佈在南亞地區的約75萬人。
In the Yang Quan Coal Mine Area ignitions have occurred on the underground gas pipes in the mines.	作者對陽泉礦區井下瓦斯管路的發火問題，進行了長時間的考察研究。
A plot was uncovered against the President.	謀害總統的陰謀敗露了。
Henrik Fisker is looking to buck that trend, challenging Tesla, Nissan, and GM with an ambitious entry into the amped-up field of electrified autos.	亨裏克·菲斯克帶着激情進入電動汽車市場，向泰斯拉汽車，尼桑，和通用發起挑戰，希望能逆轉這一歷史趨勢。
Results Deformed vascular net was observed, and the localization of arteriovenous fistulas was not observed directly in 18 congenital AVF patients.	結果 18例先天性動靜脈瘻查見紆曲擴張的血管網，無法辨認瘻口；
The nucleation-growth mechanism for cubic and rod-shaped CaCO3 nanoparticles is discussed. This may be associated with the structure and shape of PMAA-DDT.	分析了立方狀和棒狀納米碳酸鈣的形成機理，發現這可能與PMAA-DDT的分子結構與形狀有關。
Pilot beam: for precise positioning of the emitter.	導向射束：可精確定位發射器。
Various yeasts are selected from the nature, and are endowed with relevant capacity in specific environment in the method of targeted slaving.	人們在自然界中篩選出各種各樣的酵母，通過定向役使的方法，在特定的環境下賦予它們相應的能力。
Photochemical reactions of 4-nitroquinoline 1-oxide (4NQO) with D-methionine (Met) and its dipeptides have been studied by using 248nm laser flash photolysis technique.	利用納秒級激光光解瞬態吸收光譜裝置，研究了4-硝基喹啉氧化物（4NQO）與含硫氨基酸及其肽的光化學反應。
These days most casinos will not even let you smoke, much less punch or shoot your way to a prize.	現在，大多數賭場連煙都不讓抽，更別提讓人拳打槍射來獲取“戰利品”了。
This week, Google will reveal its plans for developing mobile wallets.	這個星期，谷歌也會向外界透漏其發展手機錢包的計劃。
Could it be that it was written wrongly?	莫非寫錯了?
Qi believes there has been a lack of a real supervision system under the current stock market and an immature credit system.	祁斌認爲，在市場經濟體制不完善、社會信用體系不完整的大背景下，我國資本市場尚未形成真正的資本約束機制。
He burst into the room red-faced and out of breath .	他衝進房間，臉色通紅，氣喘吁吁。
After this, we decided we would keep Lola in her crate whenever no one else was home.	經過這些事後，我們決定在沒人在家時不準洛拉離開窩。
Glamour girls and fashionistas everywhere rejoice as Sanrio and M·A·C Cosmetics are thrilled to introduce M·A·C Hello Kitty, a limited edition collection of cosmetics and accessories.	魅力女孩和時尚的三麗鷗都感到歡欣鼓舞和M的C化妝品很高興地介紹M的C凱蒂貓，限量版收集的化妝品和配件。
Place the rice noodles in a large bowl, and cover with warm water.	把米線放進一個大碗裏，然後用溫水浸泡。
Ma-Chu Kingdom was a state at Hunan Province in China's Wudai-Shiguo Period.	馬楚政權是五代十國時期以今湖南地區爲主建立的一個地方割據政權。
Let’s say you meet a day-older version of yourself just before you cross through the front of the gate and jump backward in time, as if you will hang around for a day to greet yourself in the past.	比如你在穿過前門以前遇到了比自己年長一天的自己，然後及時地向後跳開，就好像你會花一天時間閒逛來和過去的自己相遇。
Horses should be walked for a while after a race.	比賽後，應讓馬慢走一會兒。
What a terrible temper!	脾氣真夠壞的！
In this paper the trouble shooting and is removal in high voltage system of Shimadzu VD-1A X-ray Diffractometer were described in detail. Three examples were demonstrated.	本文以三個故障實例詳細地敘述了島津VD—1A型X射線衍射儀高壓系統的故障分析和排除方法。
Researchers at the MADRC have so far studied 80 patients in a project that has been going on for four years on the diagnosis of Alzheimer's at the earliest sign of cognitive dysfunction.	目前，該中心的研究員們已經研究了項目中的80位病人。 這個項目一直持續了四年，它是在認知紊亂的早期症狀時對老年癡呆症的診斷。
Although after you re-submit the card is the same, but this is the time of receipt, as defined.	雖然和你以後補辦的身份證是一樣的，但是是以這張收據作爲時間上的界定。
RSD of intra-batch and inter-batch assays were all less than 8.59%.	高、中、低三種濃度的批內和批間變異均小於8.59%；
Tumor necrosis factor-related apoptosis inducing ligand;	腫瘤壞死因子相關細胞凋亡誘導配體；
Susanna has 13 years of experience in teaching Cantonese & Japanese in YMCA and other language institutes.	資深廣東話及日文老師，具備13年的教學經驗，曾先後任教於青年會及其他語言學院。
“This interpolation is inserted for the benefit of any young newspaperman who may read it, ” he concluded in the typescript he would not complete for 42 years.	“之所以插入這些額外的話是爲了有益於可能讀到這些的年輕的新聞業人士，”他在打印稿中得出結論說不會幹完42年。
According to the research on these tea producing areas, their distribution has the characteristic of being "multi-centered and widely-spread".	通過研究這些產茶地，首先，可看出其分佈呈現“多箇中心，四面開花”的特點。
He told me that I should have sold tickets.	他告訴我，我必須賣票啊。
The big boys jumped into the river but little Ned hung back.	大些的男孩子都跳進河裏了，但小內德畏縮不前。
In the turbo -generator condition monitoring and fault diagnosis system, the vibration data realtime restoring and teletransmission put forward a higher request to data compress.	汽輪發電機組在線狀態監測和故障診斷系統中振動數據實時存儲和遠程傳輸對數據壓縮提出了較高的要求。
The lesions of the liver was 14.3% in the treatment group and 66.7% in the control group with significant difference in the two groups(P<0.01).	兩組肝功能損害治療組爲14.3%，對照組爲66.7%，在肝功能損害上差異有統計學意義（P＜0.01）。
In the early 2000s, the chemical industry was mothballing U.S. plants and shifting overseas where gas was cheaper.	在2000年代早期，化工企業紛紛關閉在美國的工廠，轉移到燃氣較便宜的海外。
We try to explore the method for explaining the mechanism of Cold- and Hot- ZHENG based on statistical analysis of microarray data.	本文嘗試利用大規模基因芯片數據分析對中醫寒熱證機理進行了初步探索。
A good choice for those who like to know the story behind the story, well-written and presented.	一個爲那些想知道誰的故事背後的故事很好的選擇，精心編寫並提交。
They are very good company, I have named most of them, and they agree everything I say.	它們是人類很好的夥伴。 我幾乎給每隻兔子都起了名字，它們對我所說的一切都深信不疑。
Listing 6. The first version of graph.php	清單 6. graph.php 的第一個版本
Often, the fish escape and compete with native fish for food, leading to declines in native populations.	這類魚經常在逃跑後和當地的魚羣爭搶食物，因此導致當地魚羣的數量減少。
I only honoured my promise to your father.	我只不過完成了我對你父親的承諾。
Quick-drying washable, cold water hand wash, generally do not need any detergent, wash in cold water to dry to light, because the dyeing plant Dioscorea cirrhosa phenomenon will fade.	易洗快乾，冷水手洗，一般不須任何洗滌劑，冷水輕洗晾乾即可，因爲是植物薯莨染色會有掉色現象。
Every time we sit together talking, Ququ is open to speak his mind.	每次我們坐在一起聊天的時候，蛐蛐總是暢所欲言。
Chapters III and IV make a specific analysis of the international outlook of Fei Xiaotong.	第三章和第四章對費孝通的國際觀內涵作具體解析。
Now, there are some immediate bad explanations for this.	馬上就有人提出一些錯漏百出的解釋。
The general idea loses in Jingzhou's lead Lu Mengneng the pass two masters who is insufferably arrogant to seize is also because had Sun Quan's trust to be able to be successful.	大意失荊州里的主角呂蒙能把不可一世的關二爺擒住也是因爲有了孫權的信任才能成功的。
In this paper, we present an Adaptive Network-based Fuzzy Inference System (ANFIS), based on a neuro-fuzzy controller, as a possible control mechanism for a ship stabilizing fin system.	提出基於自適應網絡模糊推理系統（ANFIS）的神經模糊控制器作爲船舶減搖鰭系統的控制裝置。
The imperfect version had more of "life" in it: in the midst of flattery and display, the sound of sense suddenly and movingly made itself felt.	在滿場浮誇恭維的氣氛中，這首詩雖然不甚理想，卻是有更多的生命力，突然而動人地，使人更能感受到其音調意境之美。
You thought I was too little to do you a good turn. But see, you owe your life to a poor little mouse.	你以爲我太小了不能行善報答你，但是，你瞧，全虧可憐的小老鼠你才揀條命。
The Network tab allows you to monitor network activity between the selected node and its partner ER nodes.	Network 選項卡允許監控選中節點及其夥伴 ER 節點之間的網絡活動。
Liu isjoined by mission commander and veteran astronaut Jing Haipeng, 45, and crewmate Liu Wang, 43.	劉洋的小組包括指令長老航天員45歲的景海鵬，和43歲的劉旺。
Written authentic materials can range from magazine articles to public notices to junk mail.	正宗的書面資料可以是從雜誌文章到公告再到垃圾郵件的各種資料。
And Thorndike noted that cats do not solve this problem through insight.	桑代克注意到,小貓並不會通過頓悟來解決這一問題。
Finally, some measures for reducing the bullwhip effect are presented. The key lies in the cooperation, strategic partnership, sharing of demand information and integrated supply chain management.	最後提出了減小牛鞭效應的一些措施，指出關鍵在於供應鏈各成員相互合作、建立起戰略性夥伴關係、共享供應鏈中的需求信息、進行集成化供應鏈管理。
Rye Barcott was a student at the University of North Carolina who spent a summer sharing a 10-by-10 shack in Kibera, the largest slum in Nairobi, Kenya.	拉伊·巴庫（Rye Barcott ）是北卡羅來納大學的學生，他花了一個夏天在基貝拉的10*10的棚屋裏住宿，那是肯尼亞內羅比最大的貧民窟。
Therefore, the nature of harmonious politics is made up of, "fair politics", "limited politics", "politics of order", "democratic politics" and "rule-of-law politics".	因此，和諧政治本質上是“公平政治”、“有限政治”、“秩序政治”、“民主政治”和“法治政治”。
This machine adopts one pair of rotating grinding blade to grind form damp material into column-shape granule by stainless steel sieve cylinder which is provided for pelletize in next process.	本機是通過一組旋轉碾刀，將前道工序製成的溼材注入環碾刀的不鏽鋼篩筒篩孔中，從而製成圓柱狀的溼顆粒，供下道工序拋丸使用。 本設備可通過更換不鏽鋼篩筒來取得不同大小的顆粒。
I wish the CIFIT and the International Investment Forum a great success.	祝本屆投洽會和國際投資論壇取得圓滿成功！
Those eligible for free services are mostly without family and have only the least benefits offered by the government.	其中享受無償服務的主要是低保孤寡家庭，費用全部由政府支付。
This is the website for International Union of Pure and Applied Chemistry.	這是國際理論與應用化學聯合會的網站。
Springing to my feet, I received my first Martian surprise.	我的腿彈了起來，我接到了我做爲火星人的第一個驚喜。
The results showed that fine particle sediment type is the main sediment type, which has the sedimentation characteristics of silt shore belt.	結果表明，該區表層沉積物類型以細顆粒沉積爲主，具有淤泥質岸帶的沉積特徵。
Phase I/IIa study of cilengitide and temozolomide with concomitant radiotherapy followed by cilengitide and temozolomide maintenance therapy in patients with newly diagnosed glioblastoma.	對初步診斷爲膠質母細胞瘤採用劑量密集型或節拍型替莫唑胺給藥的隨機II期臨牀化放療實驗。
Encourage her release by constructing an erotic fantasy before things heat up.	應當在高潮激發前鼓勵她通過性幻想放鬆自己。
With a great environment and fresh air, this welfare house is a comfortable, convenient and clean place for the old to live in, and also offers the old a wide variety of interesting diversions.	院區環境優美、陽光充足、空氣清新，是一個舒適、方便、清淨尤其適應老人居住、餐飲、娛樂、並頤養天年的好地方。
Police in Texas arrested a man who was using the alias 'Barack Obama' while trying to steal money from 35 ATMs.	得州警方拘捕了一名男子，該男子化名‘奧巴馬’企圖從35個自動取款機中竊取金錢。
His multi-faceted talent, combined with his expiring contract, make his name one of the first mentioned whenever trade rumors begin stirring, a fact Odom has learned to live with but still dreads .	他是一個全能多面手，再加上他到期的合同，使他的名字在交易傳聞中引起軒然大波，而事實上，奧多姆已經學會了怎樣應對他的生活，但他仍爲他的前程而感到害怕。
Indexes: 14  pi * ti  -  Human, administrative, and standalone tasks	索引數量：14 pi * ti - 人工、管理和單獨任務
We started out for Michigan, got as far as South Bend, Indiana and stayed long enough for me to get a job at the phone company.	我們動身前往密歇根，來到了印第安納州的南本德市，一直待到我找到一份在一家電話公司上班的工作。
It has splendent apperance, fairshaped design as well as thick and durable steel rind.	豪華的外觀，流線型的設計，外殼採用加厚鋼板，不變形，堅固耐用。
YOLO is an acronym for "you only live once".	YOLO是“你只活一次”的英文首字母縮寫。
Our neighbour says our house has basically been trashed [but] we are walking home now.	我們的鄰居說我們的房子基本上被毀了，但是我們走到家。
The liquid drug appears to reduce the amount of fat a dog can absorb. It also seems to trigger a feeling of satiety or fullness, according to the FDA.	食品藥物管理局指出，這種溶劑似可降低狗狗吸收的脂肪量，同時也似乎可以產生飽足感。
It is not just about assuaging your conscience.	這不僅是有關平息你的良心。
How long would it take to assemble a team for a project like this?	爲這樣一個計劃調集一個小組的人需要多長時間？
They dream of using a specialized bio-inkjet printer to grow new body parts for organ transplants or tissues for making regenerative medicine repairs to ailing bodies.	他們夢想着用一種專門的生物噴墨打印機來生長用於器官移植的新的身體部件或用於病體再生醫學修理的組織。
Let's protect the water from pollution, because we can't live without water.	讓我們一起來保護水不受 污染，因爲我們的 生活離不開水。
Slow-speed teaching method is beneficial for students to use repeat study strategy, to keep a clear & deep memory on action image in the brains.	慢速教學法有利於學生採用複述性加工策略，使動作圖示在大腦中形成的視覺表象保持時間更長、更清晰；
The LHC, the largest particle accelerator ever built, will examine what goes on at the tiniest level, seeking the theorised Higgs Boson.	不會）大型強子對撞機（LHC），人類有史以來所建造的最大的粒子加速器，將會細查微觀世界中事物的生變，探尋理論上假定存在的希格斯玻色子。
"The only way we can directly measure carbon is to cut the tree down, dry it out and actually just weigh it," she says.	“我們直接測量碳的唯一方法是把樹伐倒，把它烘乾然後進行實際稱量。” 她說。
Yes, Mr. Cohen. I will show you the twenty-second floor and twenty-fifth floor. We can go anytime.	是的，高漢先生，我會介紹二十二樓及二十五縷給你。我們可以隨時出發。 羚。
Takara Deox Foot Patches work best when placed on the soles of the feet, but they can additionally be placed on many other targeted areas of the body.	足貼貼在足底的功效最爲顯著，但是足貼也可以貼在身體的其他部位。
Some details, while necessary from the insurance company's perspective, will be omitted if they don't add value to our discussion.	有些細節雖然從保險公司的角度看是必需的，但是如果不會爲我們的討論增添價值，我們將省略這些細節。
AWP is an enhanced version of the original Postal 2 game and combines it with the AW expansion pack weapons and levels, plus tons of extra bonuses to make the ultimate Postal 2 experience.	AWP是一可提高的版本那最初的郵政2遊戲而且聯合它由於那AW擴充包裹武器和水平，加號噸額外之物獎金製造那終極郵政的2經驗。
I'm not a fan of sleeping with two pillows if you're a back sleeper because it makes your upper back curve and strains the neck and back.	如果你喜歡仰着頭睡覺的話，我不建議用兩個枕頭，因爲這樣會讓你的背部上方彎曲，讓你的脖子和背部繃的很緊。
As with the original industrial revolution, some societies are going to be better at this than others.	和最初的工業革命一樣，在初創公司方面，有些社會將比其他社會做得更好。
He invoked the emergency measure following three days of violence in Rakhine state between Buddhists and Muslims, in which at least seven people were killed and hundreds of buildings were set ablaze.	吳登盛在若開邦的佛教徒和穆斯林之間爆發持續三天的暴力衝突之後，採取了這項緊急措施， 在這些衝突中造成至少七人死亡，數百棟房屋被縱火焚燒。
Focus on literary activities, divided into "pleased to be asked, " the hermit as outlined Zheng Xia;	重點在於文學創作活動，主要包括“欣然有所託”的隱士鄭俠如略述；
We endorse the G20 High-Level Principles on Integrity and Transparency in the Private Sector which will help our companies comply with global standards on ethics and anti-corruption.	我們覈准《G20私營部門廉潔透明高級別原則》，幫助企業遵守道德和反腐敗全球標準。
The first stock exchange was founded here in 4'0. Population, 490,524.	第一個股票交易所於4'0年在這裏建立。
After testing Pure Energy in some stores, Target decided to carry it in all 1,740 outlets.	經過在一些店鋪的試驗銷售後，Target決定在全部1740家店裏推出此係列。
He destroyed the town built outside the city's castle and killed most of its inhabitants after they were refused entry into the castle.	他摧毀了加沙堡壘外的小鎮，殺死了多數被拒絕入城的鎮民。
He has the reserved and patient expression of all blind people; his eyelids are closed, his head bowed, his ear bent toward his companion.	他擁有所有盲人那種矜持和耐心的表情，他的眼瞼閉着，頭朝下弓着，耳朵對着他的夥伴。
The annual took the pandas were the breeding season, male, female rare giant pandas living together.	每年的四五月份是大熊貓的繁殖季節，雄、雌大熊貓難得同居在一起。
To shine with slight, intermittent gleams, AS distant lights or stars; flicker; glimmer.	閃爍象遙遠的燈光或星星一樣發出閃爍的微光；閃爍不定；微光。
The campers sleep in large wooden cabins with shower and toilet facilities. 4~6 campers stay in one room. All campers sleep on beds and mattresses with mosquito net.	學生住宿於加拿大進口木屋，4~6人一房，衛浴設備在大木屋內。所有學生睡在白松木所制的木牀，有牀墊與蚊帳。
Hemodialysis(HD)or hemoperfusion(HP)was performed on 12 and 17 patients, respectively, with a variety of severe drug overdosage and poisoning.	本文介紹應用血液透析或血液灌流分別治療12例和17例重症藥物逾量或毒物中毒的經驗。
Shown below are specific features of edge-to-edge holographic CD's.	下面介紹邊到邊全息圖像光盤的具體特徵。
We experimented with using testing frameworks that would automatically generate, manage, and run the tests for us, such as those touted by XP, but found mixed results.	我們嘗試使用能夠爲我們自動生成、管理和運行測試的測試框架，比如被 XP 所推薦的那些工具，但是他們將產生混雜的結果。
As the Chinese Capital of Leather Products, Shiling has a great influence in the world.	作爲“中國皮具之都”的獅嶺，其影響力已經傳達到整個世界。
A new type of dry gas seal structure and working principle applied on high pressure ammonia pump were recommended.	介紹了一種新型高壓氨泵採用幹氣密封的結構及工作原理。
So far, they have installed 12 pacification units, covering 35 communities.	到目前爲止，他們已經設置了12處維和單位，覆蓋了35個社區。
In fact, I decided to come to the Netherlands for OMA, MVRDV these eye-catching companies.	之前來到荷蘭，其實是因爲OMA，MVRDV這種吸引眼球的公司。
we asked. 'Measuring the relative speed and angles of the balls, the distances to the pocket and final placement of the white ball?'	我們問，“測算球的相對速度和角度，判斷白球到球袋的距離以及最後的位置呢？
There are many work outs that are designed to effectively combine cardio and weights in great toning programs.	在大量的健身調理運動項目中大多數的鍛鍊都是爲了有效地將有氧運動與強度鍛鍊結合起來。
When you read of Telos, you will find that they have preserved the saber tooth tiger, which walked the Earth during the times of Atlantis and Lemuria.	當你瀏覽Telos，你會發明他們維護了在亞特蘭蒂斯和利莫里亞時期曾經存在於地球的劍齒虎。
Type A and Type B can be used in Multi-functional Rehearsal Room only.	類別A 及類別B 之設備只限於大型排練室內使用。
You may have been in quarantine but your development and success in overcoming the dark forces, is generally known.	你們興許始終被隔離起來，但是你們制服黑暗力量的進展與勝利，已經被廣而傳唱。
Beijing Overseas Students Pioneer Parks are highly praised by the professional organizations at home and abroad. Visitors come from the rest of China and foreign countries.	北京市留學人員創業園獲得國際、國內專業組織的高度評價，兄弟省市、外國友人紛紛前來參觀考察。
However, dependence need not be long term.	然而，依賴並不需要很長時間。
RoboNet (Robot Network) developed in this paper is a multi-hop ad-hoc network.	本文所開發的機器人網絡RoboNet（Robot Network）是個多跳無線自組網絡。
Light -colored decoration with red oak or black oak furniture will be a rich layering, and the sofa, curtain, and other decorations can beige soft, light coffee , gray and purple gray.	淺色裝修用黑橡或紅橡的傢俱會豐富的層次感，而沙發、窗簾等軟裝飾可採用米色、淺咖啡、灰色以及紫灰色。
The very thought of these things was sufficient to sweeten any bitterness, and heal any wound.	正是他對這些事物的思念，足以使任何苦痛變甜，足以醫好任何創傷。
The new category is only for use by intersex people - who are not biologically entirely male or female.	這種新類別只適用於性別交叉者，即那些在生理上不能完全被認爲是男性或女性的人。
Unlike those of the West, Chinese loans are "no strings attached."	不象西方國家，中國的貸款是“無附帶條件”。
some drink from the fountain of knowledge, but he just gargled.	人家暢飲智慧之泉，他只是拿來漱口了。
Strata in greenschist belt are source of gold mineralization belt, and tectonic function provides road for gold-bearing thermal flow and transformation.	綠巖帶地層爲金礦化之礦源層，岩漿作用爲金礦化帶的形成提供了熱源，構造作用對含金熱液的流動與遷移提供了通道。
On one hand, welfare lottery encourages people to do small kindness for the welfare of others as well as for the profit of oneself.	一方面，福利彩票鼓勵人們這樣做小善良福利他人以及爲自己的利潤。
Yield front propagates away from the wellbore with the process of sand production.	屈服帶隨出砂量的增加沿井徑向外擴張。
As Yoda says, it feeds on anger, fear and aggression.	正如尤達大師所說，它以憤怒、害怕和侵略性爲生。
Finite element harmonic analysis shows the relationship between the voltages output and exciting frequencies of all the three kinds of piezoelectric cantilevers.	在理論分析的基礎之上，對三種類型的懸臂樑壓電振子進行有限元仿真。
In 2006, we helped the Yi women build up their own cooperative association. The project increases their income by helping to sell their embroidered products.	2006年，我們在彝族鄉村建立婦女手工合作社，幫助貧困家庭婦女傳承刺繡技術，銷售手工產品，增加經濟收入。
A measure of that is an exhibit they’ve worked on in which a British viewpoint is the exception rather than the rule.	這種說法可以從他們搞過的一個展覽上得到印證，在那次展覽上英國方面的視角很少出現。
The package descriptor specifies every file and its destination folder, along with more advanced options.	包描述符指定每個文件及它的目的文件夾，以及更高級選項。
Marxism faith is magistral faith of China.	馬克思主義信仰是中國社會的主導信仰。
When I come to Shengzhou, I always stay there.	我每次來嵊舟，都會待在那裏。
The assembling process is complex for fitting way, but it has a high assembling accuracy.	修配法裝配過程複雜，但裝配精度高。
Brooks' lawyer, Eric Zubel, said he would ask the 9th Circuit to rehear the case.	布魯克的律師說他會要求第九巡迴法庭再次審理這個案子。
Lessors of Miniwarehouses and Self-Storage Units: 11%	迷你倉庫和自助存儲設施的出租人：11%
Deschanel performs three songs on the soundtrack, including the "Winnie the Pooh" theme song.	佐伊·丹斯切爾的三首歌將出現在電影原聲中，其中包括電影《維尼小熊》的主題曲。
"B:"trust, not only Iwant secret for you, I will tell everybody to be secret for you.	釋懷，豈但我要爲你保密，我還要告訴大家都來爲你保密。
Third, female artists have achieved self-transcendence and female identity-transcendence, which are to recognize and practice the necessity of the dualism in humanity and the conflict between them.	女藝術家完成了自我與女性身份的超越，即對人性中的兩重性及其與之對立面所構成的衝突的必要性的承認和實踐。
At last the druids appealed to Ysera, but even she could not find Malfurion.	最終德魯伊們求助於伊瑟拉，但是她竟也無法找到瑪法里奧。
She had started them, after a mixed career on the northern stage, to try to make some sense of her family, her childhood and her struggling, messy, bawdy London life.	經過在北方的混雜的事業之後，她開始試着照顧她的家庭，回憶她的童年，梳理凌亂的生活。
The family settled in Bromley, and Cheung went to a local school, where she encountered much xenophobia and some cruelty.	張曼玉在當地上學，在那裏她遭受了強烈的排外和一些殘忍之事。
The open of prison affairs is called the sunlight project in our country's prison system.	獄務公開被譽爲我國監獄系統的陽光工程。
A three-year-old girl is now a new living goddess in Nepal.	一名三歲女孩，現在是一個新的活女神在尼泊爾。
They will study at home on computers.	他們將在家用電腦上課。
This discovery prompted consumer groups, as well as scientists, to push for comprehensive testing of the potential allergenicity of GM foods.	這一發現促使消費者團體和科學家推動對轉基因食物潛在過敏性進行更加全面的測試。
Wen vowed to crack down on and ban illegal income, regulate off-the-books income, and resolutely reverse the widening income gap.	溫總理承諾將嚴禁和打擊非法收入，規範灰色收入，堅決扭轉收入差距擴大的趨勢。
It is home page of the British Organic Geochemical Society ( BOGS ), providing general information about the society.	這是英國有機地球化學協會（ BOGS ）的主頁，主要提供該協會的概況介紹。
Here I am going to offer some advice on collecting antique clocks, which I personally consider are among the most interesting of antiques.	這裏，我提供一些收集古鐘的建議，我個人認爲這也是古董中最有趣的。
A blindly ending branch of the alimentary canal or other organ.	消化道或其他器官分支的盲端。
Conclusion: This research concludes that semiconductor laser treatment for injury-caused torticollis can increase the treatment efficiency considerably.	結論：半導體激光照射治療外傷性斜頸可明顯提高療效。
We stand for independent management of export and import transactions under unified leadership.	我們主張分頭經營，統一領導。
Without using any of the SQL/XML or XQuery support in DB2 V9, plain SQL still allows full-text search conditions in your queries.	普通 SQL 沒有使用 DB2 V9 支持的任何 SQL/XML 或 XQuery，但它依然允許在查詢中使用全文本搜索條件。
Spiral Multi-detector CT uses 8, 16, 64 or more detectors during continuous motion of the patient through the radiation beam to obtain much finer detail images in a shorter exam time.	多排螺旋CT使用過程中病人的連續螺旋運動，通過輻射光束8，16，64或更多的探測器，在一個較短的考試時間獲得更精細的細節圖像。
All the hard work in the world can’t change those initial factors, which is not to say you should just give up if you were born poor.	所有的努力都不能改變這些既定的因素，但這並不意味着你出生在窮人家就應該放棄努力。
The apartment is divided into three parts: the open air seats in front of it, the main hall and a room at back.	館子分三個區域，分別是館前的露天茶座、主館和後館。
Mrs. Gordillo, one of the most powerful people in the country was denied bail.	莫拉萊斯是該國最有權勢的人，法院不許對他進行保釋。
A wartime bride recollected what happened at her wedding:'While the planes were battling for a life and death struggle overhead, we stood quietly in the rectory garden for our photographs to be taken.	一位戰時新娘憶述她的婚禮：「我們靜靜站在教區牧師住所的花園裏拍照，飛機則在上面天空拚個死活。
She is the woman who killed her preacher husband in Tennessee.	之前她在田納西州殺死了她的傳道士丈夫。
Great talents flower late.	大器晚成。
I have an inspector and two officers waiting at the front door .	我已派了一個巡官和兩個警官守候在前門那裏。
What the little boys didn't know was that a second train was heading straight for them.	另一列火車正朝他們駛過來，兩個小男孩卻渾然不知。
In the thesis, the effect of the ratio of polymers'mass, the dosage of plasticizer and the cooperation of plasticizers on the properties of the system was researched.	對聚合物的質量配比，增塑劑的用量以及增塑劑的配合使用對體系性能的影響進行研究，並就填料對體系的影響進行了考察。
Of course, you should check with your doctor to be sure you can begin, and if so, how much you can safely do.	當然，你應當先和你的醫生確認應當何時開始，這樣的話行動會安全得多。
But if the main aim of government policy is to boost a country's rate of commercialisation of new products, processes or services, tax incentives offer several advantages over grants.	但是如果政府政策的主要目的是促進一個國家新產品、服務或者程序的產業化率，那麼稅收激勵就會比研發資助有更多優勢。
CONCLUSIONS: DTI findings in U. S. military personnel support the hypothesis that blast-related mild traumatic brain injury can involve axonal injury.	結論： 美國軍事人員DTI掃描結果支持了爆炸相關輕度創傷性腦損傷涉及軸索損傷的假說。
Furthermore, we have 5 container pallets, which could be kept in factory to wait for load export cargoes or unload import cargoes to save your cost for truck overdue.	我司還專門存有集裝箱拖拍5部，可以裝載集裝箱在工廠等候出口裝箱或進口卸貨，免去了企業的壓車費用。
From the point of gaining polymer-based nano-composites material, the conception, character and application progress of various preparation methods was summarized.	從如何才能得到聚合物基納米尺度複合的材料這一角度出發，綜述了各種製備方法的概念、特點以及應用的研究進展。
If he hadn't been there, NASA would not have been able to make its last communications with the mission before splashdown, but Greg says "it wasn't life or death, [from] my understanding."	如果他不在那裏，美國航空航天局就不能同航天員在他們濺落地球前完成最後一次通訊，然而格雷格說，“按照我的理解，這算不上生死攸關的問題。”
The new students for the training base of the first thing after being reborn ": name, age, place of birth, hobbies, parents and brothers and sisters career and name are to replace."	新學員進入培訓基地後的第一件事就是“脫胎換骨”：姓名、年齡、出生地、愛好、父母和兄弟姐妹的職業及姓名都要更換。
Newton's law is not applicable to any case.	牛頓定律並不適合於任何情況。
A finite segment model has been established and applied to analyse the negative shear lag in box girder with varying depth.	在鋼結構箱形截面樑橋設計中，寬翼緣小跨徑樑在受力過程中存在的剪力滯後效應是一個不容忽視的問題。
His lyrical landscape had reached a new horizons, even shined in the whole history of Russia and the European art.	他不僅在風景畫借景抒情方面達到了一個新境界，更在整個俄羅斯乃至歐洲藝術史上大放光彩。
Give ear, Yahweh, and hear! Open your eyes and see! Listen to all the words of Sennacherib who has sent men to insult the living God!	上主，請你側耳傾聽！上主，求你睜眼垂視，細聽那打發使者辱罵永生天主的散乃黑黎布的話。
The controls and related responsibilities and authorities for dealing with nonconforming product shall be defined in documented procedure.	所要求的活動，包括審查和解決不合格品的責任和權限應於書面程序內界定。
Can web vulnerability scanners help you remediate the vulnerability?	Web漏洞掃描器能幫助我們修補漏洞嗎？
Yet when they were ill, I put on sackcloth and humbled myself with fasting.	至於我，當他們有病的時候，我便穿麻衣，禁食刻苦己心。
In Ireland and Greece gains in output per worker were healthy but wage inflation was high.	在愛爾蘭和希臘，每個工人的平均產量增長合理，但工資漲幅過大。
Based on evolution of theory and products in precision irrigation of orchard, research contents and direction in the future were generated.	基於果樹精量灌溉控制理論和技術產品的發展歷程和問題，提出了果樹精量控制灌溉技術未來研究內容和方向。
As a medico , it is too difficult depending on my undergraduate knowledge to have a room in this seriously competitive society with finance crisis .	做爲一個醫學生，光憑本科所學的知識想在當今這個競爭激烈有逢金融危機的社會裏找到一席之地太難了。
“Tush, child, tush, ”said the old frog, “that was only the famrer's ox.	老青蛙說：“那只不過是農夫的牛而已。
The purchase was part of a strategic Soviet plan to steal or covertly obtain sensitive U.S. technology.	這項購買是蘇聯戰略計劃的一部分，用於盜竊或祕密獲取敏感的美國技術。
That's particularly true on a show like South Park, where episodes are routinely written and produced only a few days before they air.	對於像《南方公園》這樣的節目而言更是如此，因爲每一集都是週期性地編出來，而且是在播出的前幾天才製作好的。
The experimental results show that because of the adaption of MHMM, it not only increases the recognition accuracy of the system, but also reduces the amount of the training sequences needed.	實驗結果表明，這種識別方法不僅能提高系統的識別率，而且所需訓練樣本少。
For maintaining the system's stable working, adding hydrazine or ammonia to feed-water and phosphate to boiler water are the common methods of adjusting water quality.	爲了維持水質的穩定運行，主要採用給水加氨和加聯氨以及爐水加磷酸鹽等作爲水質的重要調節手段。
MV is a foreign buyer from Hungary, need to purchase products of Native Products etc. categories.	該公司是一家來自匈牙利的買家，需要購買的產品類別包括：土畜等行業。
Prince Charles declared the Games open as the representative of Queen Elizabeth II, who is the head of the Commonwealth, which includes nations of the former British Empire.	查爾斯王子代表女皇伊麗莎白二世，這位英聯邦國家首領，包括所有屬於前英帝國的國家，宣佈了開幕式典禮。
Each word on the circle can be a starting any word of a complete Five-Character Quatrain reading around circle. How many Five-Character Quatrains are there?	左圖的圓上可從任一字開始，都能讀成五言絕句，請問你可吟讀出多少首五言絕句？
While the mechanics of these systems are different, the driver gets to choose whether to shift the gears, or not.	由於這些系統的機械原理不同，駕駛員可以自主選擇是否通過換檔來實現變速。
This treatise first regularizes the relative theories of industry regional transference at home and abroad, and makes a systematic summarizes on it.	本文首先梳理了國內外產業區域轉移的相關理論，綜述了有關承接產業區域轉移的研究，並對此進行系統總結。
An application that can run statics analysis on sports matches .	一個應用程序可以運行在體育靜力學的研究與分析。
In the time it takes for one cell division to occur, it could be that this cell entraps a different chemical composition of the cytoplasm then this entraps, and that's a well known concept.	當一個細胞分裂發生期間,很可能這個細胞截留了一種不同的,細胞質化學組分,這種非對稱分裂是一個廣爲人知的概念
One day Callisto suddenly found herself changed into a bear, with monstrous jawsbloodshot eyes .	一天凱里斯特忽然間發現自己變成了一隻大熊，長着惡魔般的嘴巴和充血的眼睛。
You have not been worn down yet by long hours of thankless work, by the slings and arrows of everyday life.	你還沒有被漫長的乏味工作、被日常生活的打擊搞得筋疲力盡。
This will allow citizens to ascend the stairs within different frame and sequence and meet higher positions with diverse viewpoints towards Ocean, New Incheon Bridge and Sunset.	市民依次從不同的觀景臺構造中拾級而上，就能在高於地面的位置以不同角度欣賞大海、新仁川大橋和日落的美景。
And then the third thing is, we're willing to be long-term-oriented, which I think is one of the rarest characteristics.	第三，我們喜歡做“長線”，我認爲這是一個難能可貴的特點。
In this game, there are five types of request/response pairings (see Figure 8).	在這個遊戲中，有5個類型的請求/響應配對（見圖8 ） 。
Qingdao Yongtai Rubber Co. , Ltd established in 1990, is a company specialized in producing different tyres , inner tubes & flaps .	青島永泰橡膠有限公司建立於1990年，是一家專業生產各種輪胎的公司。
By comparison, polyacrylate sodium is an optimum dispersant for ultrafine ground calcium carbonate aqueous dispersions.	通過比較選擇聚丙烯酸鈉爲超細重質碳酸鈣的最佳分散劑。
Structure feature of vegetative organ of Lythrum salicaria L.	Title 千屈菜營養器官的結構特點。
It starts with that deep breath of confidence you take before the first step.	千里之行，開始於邁出第一步前那口自信的深呼吸。
"There's been no pull back and if the yen weakens to around 87, our view is that it would be beneficial for the Japanese authorities to do it again to try to push it above 90," Salvaggio said.	"日圓沒有回調,且如果日圓跌至87日圓附近,我們的觀點是將有利日本當局再次干預匯市,壓低日圓,令美元兌日圓升至90日圓上方,"Salvaggio說.
Through risk management in the "20 project" of the shichuanmeifei the importance of risk control in equipment projects is emphasized.	本文着重於理論與實際的結合，通過四川美豐“20工程”項目風險控制的實證，突出風險控制在設備工程項目中的重要作用。
The paper aims to push inquiry mode of teaching in middle school physics experiments by constructing the network-course of "teaching of middle school physics experiments".	論文以“中學物理實驗教學”網絡課程的建設爲依託，以推進中學物理實驗探究式教學爲目標。
Herbert: Did she believe you?	赫伯特： 她相信你嗎？
Wash grapes overnight after don't hire small fly.	洗葡萄隔夜後不招小飛蟲。
A valuable road map for understanding and healing cybersex addictions.	一個網絡性愛的理解和治療吸毒成癮寶貴的路線圖。
I forbid you to make a sortie today.	你今天不許出擊。
In those days we did not need spies to watch the enemy's movement .	在那些日子裏，我們不需要情報員注意敵人動向。
A number of targeted interventions have proved to be effective in addressing these risk factors and reducing road traffic injuries among young people.	許多目標明確的干預證明在處理這些危險因素和減少對年輕人的道路交通傷害方面是行之有效的。
Nor do lyricists "explain" their more obscure lyrics; if you have to ask, a song clearly is not meant for your ears.	就如同很難要求歌曲的作詞人“解釋”任何艱澀難懂的歌詞，如果你需要問，顯然那首歌不適合你。
This article explains how to configure and use JCS to cache data for your Web applications.	本文將說明如何配置和使用 JCS 來緩存 Web 應用程序的數據。
Click the Updater link on the menu bar.	單擊菜單欄上的 Updater鏈接。
A nice little garden in front of the house was full of blue and yellow flowers.	那座房子沒有被野薔薇覆蓋，前面還有個小花園，裏面盛開着黃的藍的鮮花。
A large amount of provincial non-tax revenue is kept in the special bank account opened by the department of finance.	財政收入中有很大一部分非稅收入是在財政部門開設的財政專戶中，財政專戶是在銀行的開設的結算賬戶。
China's Health Ministry has included A/H1N1 on the same epidemic list with SARS (Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome), HIV and viral hepatitis.	中國衛生部已經把甲流列爲同非典，艾滋病和病毒性肝炎一起的傳染性疾病。
McLaren's season has been as successful on track as controversial off it, and Dennis's relationship with world champion Fernando Alonso has deteriorated significantly over the past months.	邁凱倫車隊這個賽季的表現成功的同時又充滿爭論，丹尼斯與前世界冠軍阿隆索的關係也在過去的幾個月裏發生了明顯的變化。
To be fully confident in the classroom, constantly reading is a good shortcut.	要想在課堂上成竹在胸， 縱橫馳騁，不斷讀書是一條不錯的捷徑。
However, when two monkeys were placed in separate but adjoining chambers, so that each could observe what the other was getting in return for its rock, their behaviour became markedly different.	但是，當兩個猴子被安置在隔開但相鄰的兩個房間裏，能夠互相看見對方用石頭換回來什麼東西時，猴子的行爲就會變的明顯不同。
Rib meat sheep will be washed, cut into 4 cm square block.	將羊肋條肉洗淨，切成4釐米見方的塊。
We have only two double rooms available but they are on different floors.	我們只剩下兩間雙人房，但在不同的樓層。
As indicated in the recent Barton's group report this is today a prevalent reason for SOA failure.	Barton小組最新的報告指出，這是當今SOA失敗的普遍原因。
They are marching off to gyms and discovering face cream in record numbers.	他們向健身房進軍，物色到的面霜數目已創歷史新高。
So this declares an integer, a variable of type int called I, 0 and initializes it to zero.	所以這裏聲明瞭一個整型數，一個叫做I的整型變量，把它初始化爲。
Methods According to the Bacterial Endotoxin Test eliminating interfere factors approved by Chinese pharmacopoeia 2000 edition.	方法採用《中國藥典》（2000年版）附錄細菌內毒素檢查法。
The normal mode decomposition can be taken as technique support for environmental parameter estimation, passive source localization and single mode technique.	簡正波分離可以用於環境參數估計、被動聲源定位和單模技術的技術支持。
Taking the maximum of system total throughput as a objective, the method of determining the surge bunker rational size has been put forward.	以系統總產出能力最大爲目標，給出了確定緩衝倉合理容積的方 法。
Tiger sharks will consume almost anything, though people are seldom on their menu. Sharks, in fact, bite fewer people each year than New Yorkers do.	虎鯊幾乎什麼都吃，儘管， 人也在它們的食譜之中，不過，它們每年吃的人比紐約人“ 吃” 的少多了。
It is the result that in process of pathological changes induced by nitrosamine compounds, the genome methylation level were gradually fall, and then keep the steady statements.	結果在亞苄混合物誘導的小鼠食管癌變過程中，全基因組甲基化修飾是逐漸降低的，在達到一定程度後即保持一種穩態。
Karen: To find another job.	卡倫：去找另一份工作。
In this way Pingya's room had been fumigated before he was moved in.	所以平亞搬進他的新屋子之前，也得要用煙燻。
Be sure to smile at simple pleasures -- the sight of kids playing, a loved one or friend approaching, the successful completion of a task, the witnessing of something amazing or humorous.	一般的歡愉-看見小孩在玩耍，看見愛人或朋友向我們走來，成功地完成任務，親眼目睹不可思議或好笑的事情，我們記得要微笑。
An organizational communication network that uses internet technology and is accessible only by organizational employees.	是一種運用互聯網技術而在組織內部建立的溝通網絡，只有組織的成員才能登錄該網絡。
Ladies Pillow feeling soft hard moderate, will the pillow week, warmth, ruler, and don't sleep on the pillow, be like mu tea.	枕感軟硬適中，茶香凝聚於枕周尺餘，溫馨醇和，久而不散，枕眠其上，如沐茶園。
IF YOU found studying physics at school difficult or tedious, you may well have wished for a pill that could impart instant knowledge of the subject.	若在學校學習物理學時感到艱澀乏味，你可能期望得到一顆馬上就能盡知其所有的小藥丸。
Yet, now and in the foreseeable future, America's vast middle class doesn't have the purchasing power to keep the mechanism going.	然而，如今和在可預見的未來，大量的美國中產階級根本無法擁有強大的購買力去保持這種機制的運行。
"Surrounding this core is a rocky mantle that accounts for most of the remaining two-thirds, " with the thin crust of the Earth's surface making up the rest.	地核外面被岩石質的地幔環繞，佔地球總質量的近三分之二，最外面是薄層的地殼，佔據了地球剩餘的部分。
I will love you to the time of the seas run dry and the rocks crumble .	我將愛你直到海枯石爛。河上有一座破爛不堪的、古老的、灰色的小石橋。
Figure 14: Some missing defects are still found in the latter stages.	圖14：在後來的階段中仍然發現一些丟失的缺陷
It is. It's drawn like an array, it effectively is an array so bracket zero means go to the zero's location in that array, which happens to be F and do what with it?	它看起來像個數組，實際上也是一個數組,所以【0】就是定位到那個數組的0的存儲單元，對於f發生了什麼？用它做什麼？
A new method to solve the greatest common factor of one variable polynomials is proposed. Only the resultant matrix is needed to solve the greatest common factor of polynomials in this method.	給出一種求解一無多項式的最大公因式新方法，該方法僅利用結矩陣便可求得多項式的最大公因式。
You do not want to let them down...	你的的確確不想讓他們失望。
In practice, the stored paddy should be controlled within safe moisture level and keep low temperature below 20℃ through suitable storage technology.	在實際工作中，應採用各類儲糧技術儘量控制稻穀在安全水分以內、20℃以下低溫儲藏。
Next euro support $1.2330, then $1.18-$1.20 - Nordea Bank	Nordea Bank稱歐元/美元下道支撐在1.2330美元,之後在1.18-1.20
Introduce:Tong Jiang and Liu Ming are the good brother that is brought up in orphanage together as a child, two people are on different way severally after the university graduates.	簡介：佟強和陸鳴是從小一起在孤兒院長大的好兄弟，兩人在大學畢業後各自走上不同的道路。
Oh, he is a naughty boy, that Cupid;	咳，這個阿穆爾真是一個壞孩子；
The rest is the content of the site with some light blueish hover effects.	剩下的內容有淡青色的懸浮效果。
birds have sharp eyes and dogs have sharp noses.	鳥有敏感的視力， 而狗有活絡的嗅覺。
It's crucial to titrate slowly to minimize the GI side effects and keep the patient on board with the treatment program.	必須緩慢調整劑量，這非常關鍵，以便於將胃腸道副作用控制在最小並使患者遵從治療計劃。
C：My surname is Jiang.	C：我姓姜。
International Online Zhuangao: According to the British "Guardian" reported that Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi's "sex party" ugly news lately intensified.	國際在線專稿：據英國《衛報》報道，意大利總理貝盧斯科尼的“性派對”醜聞近來愈演愈烈。
These steps are described in this flowchart	下面的流程圖描述這些步驟
From " big haven is an old strategy " angle, discussed become the value that makes strong Fuzhou harbor greatly and necessity.	從“大港口是個大戰略”的角度，論述了做大做強福州港的重要性和必要性。
Tin is a comparatively easy metal to smelt.	錫 、鐵、銀和金都是金屬。
Jiayi is a person full of energy, braveness and power, and lives a colorful life, which makes it almost impossible to give a complete portrayal of her with limited words.	碧文是個充滿活力、勇氣與行動力的人，生活多采多姿，要全面描述她，恐怕說上三天三夜也說不完。
Rome wasn't built in a day. Work harder and practice more. Your hard- work will be rewarded by god one day. God is equal to everyone!	冰凍三尺，非一日之寒。愈加勤奮的進修，愈加勤奮的操練，你所付出的一切將會獲得上帝的報答，上帝是公道的。
In order to open up the application field of ultrasonic technology in textile dyeing, an applied study of ultrasonic dyeing of the hemp fabric with vat dyes was carried out.	爲了拓寬超聲波技術在染色領域中應用範圍，以還原染料對大麻織物的染色爲例，對超聲波染色進行了研究。
Prosecutors only criticised Antony Leung's not disclosing his interest in the Executive Council as an "misconduct", but not something serious enough to file a charge.	律政司只批評樑沒有在行政會議作出申報屬「不當行爲」，但非嚴重至提出檢控，並指樑那次不作申報，相信只是爲免自己陷於尷尬所致。
He is a physically active, super—curious and highly inquisitive boy.	他是一位體力活躍，非常好奇以及很好問的男孩。
This paper renames the once-called three-level grammar as three-dimensional grammar and illustrates its key points.	本文把“三個平面”的理論稱爲三維語法，闡述了三維語法的要點。
If he does not join the general scramble and pant with the money-making street, we deem him spiritless and lacking in ambition.	如果某人不加入一般人的爭奪，或是不汲汲於生財之道，我們就會認爲他精神委靡，缺乏抱負。
Objective To explore the use of The Sysmex UF-100 in urine test.	目的評價UF-100全自動尿液細胞分析儀在實際工作中的應用。
Use Case 2 -- Now that I have a Policy how do I enforce it?	用例 2 —— 我有一個策略，應該如何實施它？
The tired children get home 7pm.	這些勞累的孩子直到7點纔回家。
That discussion has to be an ongoing dialogue. Teens need far more than one time discussions about such serious issues.	那個討論應該是一直不停的對話，對於這種嚴肅的問題，青少年需要很多次的討論。
campaign by Benetton’s UNHATE foundation promotes acceptance, tolerance, and closeness between people .	貝納通無恨基金（UNHATE foundation）發起了強烈的廣告宣傳，以促進民族與民族間的認可、寬容和關係發展。
Next morning, when the loss was reported abroad, all the people cried loudly, "The Queen is a man-eater.	第二天早晨，當孩子失蹤的消息傳出去之後，所有的人都吼了起來：“王后是個吃人的惡魔！
Idealized research methods to solve the historiography of measurement was first crisis.	理想化的研究方法首先解決了計量史學的危機。
In 2009, he graduated from the Conservatory with excellence and continues his post-graduate study at the Moscow Conservatory as a pianist.	2009年，他以優異的成績畢業於音樂學院。並繼續在莫斯科音樂學院求學深造研究生學位。
The bill's passage by the House is historic and will likely increase President Obama's leverage in global climate negotiations as global leaders try to replace the soon-to-expire Kyoto Protocol.	一旦被國會通過，這將是一部具有歷史意義的法案，而且它將很有可能在全球氣候談判中，爲奧巴馬總統作爲全球領袖取代即將屆滿的《京都議定書》增加分量。
Annie: That's what she called him on the show because he can't sleep.	安尼：那是節目中她對他的稱呼，因爲他睡不着。
I am currently working on a new collection of stories, and a new set of poems entitled "Unanimous Night": this title is a take-off from something Borges, the Argentine writer, said.	目前我正在着手一部短篇集及一組新詩《無異意的夜晚》的創作，詩名語出阿根廷作家博爾赫斯。
In order to research water requirement pattern, physiological characteristic and yield formation of rice, this text has taken different extent water deficit in each period of rice.	通過對水稻各個生育階段實施不同程度的受旱，初步研究了查哈陽地區水稻在不同水分條件下的需水規律、生理特性以及其產量形成。
To help the children enter society head-on with a positive attitude, everybody is encouraged to help in social building activities within our own campus.	讓孩子們今後步入社會能以正面、積極的心態面對社會大家庭中，爲社會建設添磚加瓦。
Subscriptions are handled by the MQTT object which passes the appropriate information to its broker.	訂閱是由 MQTT 對象處理的，它將正確的信息傳遞到其代理中。
Objective To study the mechanism and effect of tyrosine analogues on the content of uterine cytosol estradiol receptor(ER) in preimplantation rats.	目的研究酪氨酸類似物對早孕大鼠子宮胞漿雌二醇受體含量的影響及其機制。
The LBR in high-dose group and TG in three experimental groups reduced remarkably in comparison with the model group (P<0.01).	高劑量組大鼠的肝體比及三個實驗組的肝臟TG顯著低於肥胖組大鼠（P<0.01）。
After Locke and Montesquieu, the doctrine of "separation of powers" has impacted on the western political thought and practice profoundly.	在洛克和孟德斯鳩以後，“三權分立”學說深刻地影響了西方的政治思想和政治實踐。
Who make you mushroom so late, the whole ruddy blood temple you this hour equitable obtain up.	誰讓你起得這麼晚，整個赤血宮就你這個時辰才起牀。
Face in Space follows a long tradition of spacecraft carrying personal touches out of Earth’s gravity well.	“臉譜上太空”活動延續了NASA使用航天器攜帶私人物品脫離地心引力的優良傳統。
I think one interesting difference between say, the earlier periods and the future, is that there is a trend toward expanding membership by merging or docking.	我認爲，比如說初期階段和未來之間的一個有趣的差別在於，現在出現了通過合併和接駁擴大成員的趨勢。
I have nothing but some personal belongings.	我只帶了一些個人用品。
I may or may not be among these items.	我或許在/不在這些條款之中。
And you usually don't have to run C code for very long before you can make some reasonable inferences about its performance.	通常，對於 C 代碼，您不必執行很長時間，就可以對它的性能做出合理的推斷。
So far 41.62 percent of Autonomy investors have tendered their shares as of Monday.	而到目前爲止，41.62%Autonomy公司的投資者在星期一已經對股票進行了投標。
At its core, heavy metal is an adolescent experience; teenagers-primarily white males-form the majority of its audience.	重金屬樂實質上是一種年輕的經歷，青少年，尤其是白人男孩，是重金屬的主要聽衆。
Bll the boys laughed to hear the good news.	聽見這個好動靜然後，所有的男孩都笑了。
There’ll be something about you that rather severe, even judgemental, and as a result the people around you might feel a bit scared.	有些事情的處理，讓你看起來很嚴苛，甚至是帶有審判性，所以你周圍的人可能會感到有點害怕。
In the article 50 Totally Free Lessons in Graphic Design Theory the TutsPlus family definitely delivers with a bevy of knowledge building lessons in theory	50節圖形設計免費課程將教授你大量的理論知識。
The Korean nuclear issue has a very complicated historical background and realistic principle, and the solution to this issue requires a process, most probably a twisted process.	核問題有着十分複雜的歷史背景和現實原則，這一問題的解決需要一個過程，而且很可能是一個曲折的過程。
Keep everything else smart. Team with silk tops, blazers, anything that makes you look as if you haven't forgotten to get changed.	讓你的其它衣服看着得體一些。與絲質上衣、西裝等任何衣服搭配，它們會讓你看起來很百變。
ILGA is the only worldwide federation campaigning for lesbian, gay, bisexual, trans and intersex (LGBTI) rights and was established in 1978.	ILGA是當今世界上唯一一個關於男女同性戀、雙性戀以及跨性別人士的國際性聯盟，成立於1978年。
Any of various trees or shrubs of the genus Ilex;	歐洲南部的一種常綠櫟樹，葉似冬青；
The nature of the stimulus may predispose some children to attention problems.	刺激本身很可能使一些孩子易產生注意力問題。
In its 2009 bid for the games, Rio promised to increase the amount of sewage that is collected and treated before flowing into the bay from 20 per cent to 80 per cent in time for the Olympics.	里約熱內盧在2009年申辦奧運會時承諾，將在奧運會召開前，將排入瓜納巴拉灣的污水的收集處理率從20%提高至80%。
Well, if it was greater .	如果拉力很大
So even though they sent to your eyes, your brain has not developed to interprete these signals properly.	因此，即使投射到你的眼睛裏去了，但是你的大腦並未發展到，能夠正確地解釋這些信號。
The world has never been in greater need of the qualities that distinguish us – our openness and innovation, our determination, our devotion to universal values.	世界從來沒有像現在這樣需要我們那些與衆不同的特質——我們的開放和創新、我們的決心、我們對普世價值觀的奉獻。
Aimed at the structure of Disc separator, the working principle of Disc separator was introduced and the condition under which settling particulate matter could not swept by liquid was analyzed.	針對碟式分離機結構參數設計，介紹了碟式分離機工作原理，重點分析了沉降顆粒不被液流帶走的條件。
It says suicide deaths account for more than half of all violent deaths in the world - more than all deaths from wars and homicides combined.	世界衛生組織說，在世界上所有暴力造成的死亡中，自殺佔了一半以上，比所有戰爭和兇殺造成的死亡總人數還要多。
Last week I introduced you to Being Fat and the Two State Mind Theory which looked at physical state eating and mind state eating.	上週我向各位介紹的《肥胖與“雙食記”理論》着眼於物理性進食與精神性進食。
Eckersley made his first-team debut for the Reds in the 2-1 FA Cup victory over Tottenham back in January, coming on as a second-half substitute.	埃克斯利在足總盃2-1戰勝熱刺的比賽中首次爲曼聯一隊出場，他是下半場替補出場的。
The results show that they relate to the dipole-dipole coupling strength between two atoms and atom-field coupling constant and nonlinear coefficient of field.	結果表明，它們與原子間的偶極相互作用、原子和光場的耦合係數以及非線性耦合係數有關。
Spitting in the street is considered to be very bad mannered.	拂逆地吐痰，在街上吐痰是很緊張的壞習氣。
However, Toni, who knows Ribery well, believes the Bianconeri should sign him.	然而託尼很瞭解裏貝里，並且相信尤文會簽下他。
This article can be used as a reference for constructing a province- level security electronic government affairs network.	本文對於一般的省級電子政務網建設中的安全解決方案應有一定的借鑑作用。
This article mainly introduces an improved system of mate-grinding servo valve.	文章介紹了經這改進的伺服閥氣動配磨系統。
A barycenter model of group decision making on resource allocation is constructed in this paper using groups loss function based on the additive kind of group cardinal utility function.	根據羣體基數效用函數的加和性，用距離表示羣體的損失函數，建立了資源分配羣體決策的重心模型。
You hear the door slam, and realize there's nowhere left to run. You'll feel the cold hand and wonder if you'll ever see the sun.	你聽到關門的一聲巨響，意識到自己已經無處可逃。你感到那冰冷的手，您想知道自己是否還會見到黎明曙光。
Effects of pulsed laser parameters such as laser wavelength, beam spot size, pulse energy and pulse duration on threshold energy in laser simulating Single Event Effect testing are analyzed.	分析了在激光模擬單粒子效應試驗中激光波長、束斑大小、脈衝能量、脈衝寬度等脈衝激光參數對閾值能量的影響。
Nevertheless, the euro will likely end 2010 around where is is currently and reach $1.40 by the end of 2011, she said.	不過她指出,2010年末歐元可能保持在目前的水準左右,2011年底將達到1.40美元.
Her arms showed green patches, indicating heavy internal bleeding.	她的胳膊出現了青斑，表明有嚴重的內出血。
Like my friend Warren Buffett, I feel particularly lucky to do something every day I love to do.	像我的朋友沃倫·巳菲特一樣，我爲自己每天可以傲自己喜歡的事情而感到非常幸運。
Just enter your local fees and amount used to calculate the total due. All the info is stored in the app for later use.	只要輸入您的地方性規費和使用量來計算總到期。 所有的信息都存儲在應用程序供以後使用。
Using aliens and spaceships, District 9 actually gives new perspective on humans—their ugliness, racism, and greedy self-preservation.	外星人，太空船，但第九區卻爲我們呈現了一個關於人類的新視角——醜陋、種族主義、貪婪的自保主義。
"If the chemical doesn 't penetrate completely, then you would let loose plants that weren't sterile, " she says.	梅隆說：「要是抗生素未能完全浸透，那麼就會放過一些仍然具有生殖力的植物。」
But if you slow down and think about your attention, you'll agree that answering email while browsing the Web is impossible.	但是如果你驚險信賴想想你的注意力，你就會同意，在上網時回郵件根本是不可能的。
The appearance of radio-controlled clock is a revolution in the history of the horology.	電波鐘錶技術和產品的出現是人類計時歷史上的又一次革命。
Primary prevention could be offered when the patients appeared sub-clinical stress reaction;	當患者出現潛在應激反應時給予初級預防；
What the Journal article shows is that the perhaps the surveys that quantify happiness are asking the wrong kinds of questions, resulting in findings that denigrate parenthood.	那篇文章恰恰顯示出，這種將幸福感量化的調查所提出的問題有失偏頗，導致得出的結果貶低了“爲人父母”的重要性。
Working with a seemingly harmless mouse and keyboard can cause chronic injuries just as easily as hauling a load of cement.	和看似無害的鍵盤鼠標親暱打仗也能等閒的造成和拉一車水泥一樣的慢性危險。
Such a system not only allows full democracy and injects dynamism into the national political life but also enables us to pool resources to solve major problems and raise working efficiency.	這個體制既能夠充分發揚民主，使國家政治生活充滿活力，又可以集中力量辦大事，提高工作效率。
ESD documentation – available in L2 – details a series of conceptual design reference missions (DRMs) that use planned program capabilities to reach a multitude of potential destinations.	ESD文檔- 在L2可用- 詳細介紹了一系列的概念謀劃參考任務（DRMs ），（這些DRMs）使用經過計劃的方案能力去達到很多潛在的目的地。
Marines dropped 250 combat troops into the jungle battlefield.	(美國)海軍陸戰隊官兵把250名戰鬥部隊(人員)空投入叢林戰場。
Has Miss Lin ever talked such disgusting nonsense?	寶玉道：“林姑娘說這些混帳話嗎？
A happy family is much more important than money.	幸福家庭比金錢更重要。
OBJECTIVE:To find a method which can analysis strychnine and brucine in semen strychni using 722 or 721 type spectrophotometer.	目的：探索一種用可見分光光度計分析馬錢子中士的寧和馬錢子鹼的方法。
Starbucks (NASDAQ: SBUX) CEO and founder Howard Schultz should be ashamed of himself.	星巴克的ceo與創辦者霍華德·舒爾茨應該爲自己感到羞愧。
“We have done this every June for nineteen years, ” he said.	每年逢六月，我們這樣做，現已經有十九年了。
Hughes said that after leaving Yankee Stadium, he and his parents went searching for a late-night eatery, a low-key celebration to cap a memorable evening.	休斯在說上面的話後離開洋基球場，他與他的父母去吃晚餐，低調的去紀念他的初登板夜晚。
If screen time is becoming a source of tension in your family, unplug the TV, turn off the computer or put away the video games for a while.	如果電視已經變成了家庭不合的源泉，那就把電視電腦都關了，把遊戲也放在一邊。
A join that involves matching values in a field from one relation with those in a corresponding field in another relation .	一種聯接，其中涉及到使一種關係字段中的數值與另一種關係相對應字段中的數值相等的聯接。
The influence of electromagnetic wave on biologic respiratory process is demonstrated by an experiment.	本文用實驗證實了電磁波對生物呼吸過程的影響。
Wouldn't this will impress the people that I support one of dispute's party whom possess the absolute advantageous military power and actively perform the country and its guideline?	不會給人以支持作爲紛爭當事者一方、擁有佔絕對優勢的軍事力量並積極行使的國家及其方針的印象嗎？
Eg. The house on the hill overlooks the village.	從小山上的房子可以俯視村莊。
Finally, suggestions are presented on the calculation of the longitudinal shear capacity of composite slabs.	最後對壓型鋼板組合板縱向剪切承載力的設計計算等提出了建議。
Place can also largely determine how happy weare in our personal lives.	居住環境可以很大方面的決定我們的個人生活是否過的開心。
Someday he asked Guang Yin, "Why can a man of practice breathe in water?"	有一天，他問關尹：「爲什麼修行的人潛在水中不會窒息？
But till now, Jinggang Chem has not caught on a systematic strategic study and planning.	但是京港化學業務開始至今，一直沒有進行系統的戰略研究和規劃。
You cannot just transpose print candy to screen candy. In print, graphic page ornaments are a matter of taste and brand. On the screen they become confusing clutter.	你不能簡單的把平面設計上的蛋糕圖案轉到電腦屏幕上去。在平面印刷版中，圖片頁面的裝飾跟品味和品牌有關。在電子屏幕上，它們變成了混亂的一團。
They looked over to the left.	她們朝左邊看。
The applications of titanium alloys in torpedo tube, high pressure vessel, severe cooling vessel, sonar dome, water brake cylinder and propeller for naval vessels were introduced in details.	對鈦合金在魚雷發射水缸、高壓氣瓶、一回路危急冷卻器、聲掃雷具、二回路泵、閥及管系、聲納導流罩、螺旋槳等方面的應用作了重點介紹。
To investigate the brain activities of patients with mild AD in the memory encoding by fM-RI.	目的：運用功能磁共振成像技術探索輕度阿爾茨海默病患者在記憶編碼過程中的神經活動情況。
Amy: Three tequilas coming up.	艾米：來3杯龍舌蘭酒。
To supervise the management of printing industry.	監督管理印刷業。
Wellbore stability, hole cleaning, toque and drag are key factors in extended reach well drilling of Xijiang 24 - 3 - A14.	西江24—3—A14大位移井的摩阻與扭矩、井眼穩定性及井眼清潔是鑽井成功與否的關鍵因素。
The Lord stretched out His arms, and I saw His nail-pierced hands.	主伸出他的臂膀，我看到他那釘痕的雙手。
Objectives To investigate how to prevent the dysuria after suprapubic prostatectomy.	目的研究如何預防恥骨上前列腺摘除術後排尿困難的發生。
At sunset, the Sun would drop below the horizon, then pop back up into view before resuming its normal course, ultimately setting again for a second time within a week.	日落時太陽將先落下地平線然後在一般情況出現前重新露出再在一週的時間裏繼續落下第二次。
Indeed, since each of us needs money to live, and work is the usual way to obtain your employment, the fact that you are an employee, freelancer or contractor, plays a very important role.	事實上，每個人的生存都需要錢，而勞動又是獲得工作的一般性手段，你的工作崗位是僱員，自由職業者或承包商，這一點非常重要。
The nodes in the NodeList can be accessed through their index number (starting from 0).	節點列表中的節點可以同過其對應的索引數字進行訪問（從0開始計數）。
An Israeli farmer inspects the wheat crop harvested from fields along the Gaza border.	在加沙邊境的一塊農田裏，一名以色列農民正在篩選麥粒。
But when it comes to new ideas and innovation, Professor Shi says, China's top-down, hierarchical culture means Europe and the US look likely to keep their competitive edge for some time yet.	中國以外的公司對中國消化尖端技術的速度感到擔憂。 但在創新上，史教授認爲中國這種自上而下的層級制文化意味着美國和歐洲還將保持他們的競爭優勢好一段時間。
Quietly elegant perfume, delicacy without fastidiousness, makes females even more charming.	雅而不俗的淡雅香水，盡顯女性魅力。
Barnacle glue is equally special. It holds an animal whose ancestors swam freely in the sea to rocks that are often battered by powerful waves.	其靈活並且極其亮澤，要比鋼鐵還要堅硬。 藤壺膠同樣特殊，它能夠使那些祖先能夠在海底自由遊動的動物在巨浪磨損下的巨石羣中人就搖擺。
For the study, published in the September issue of Pediatrics, researchers identified 28 babies who spent time in the NICU and were later diagnosed with an autism spectrum disorder.	這項研究發表在九月份的《兒科》雜誌上面。
“They're all spoiled and coddled and have no patience,” she said.	她說：“他們嬌生慣養，沒有耐心。”
The most notable legacy of this Old Shanghai is the Bund, whose grand, colossal edifices remain the city's undisputed star attraction.	外灘以其獨特的建築成爲老上海遺留至今的最引人注目的一處景觀。
It was the site of a British victory over the Saxons in571. Population, 74, 500.	它是571年大不列顛人打敗撒克遜人的遺址。
Gangs are buying assault weapons on the black market.	黑幫總在黑市購置攻擊性兵器。
Oh, office life. You sit down at a desk all day and move little.	辦公室生活裏，你可能會一整天坐在椅子上，很少機會活動。
Barnes-Jewish Hospital, where the operation took place, is the third hospital in the country to zap brain tumors with lasers.	這個手術是在Barnes-Jewish醫院做的，而這時我們國家第三例用激光殺死腫瘤的手術。
Butt a study by Italian psychiatrist Giovanni Fava found that when patients were asked to keep diaries of events that made them happy, it 'helped them a lot to get better'.	但是，意大利精神病學家喬瓦尼·法瓦通過研究發現，當病人被要求將那些使他們快樂的事情記錄下來時，“他們的情況好轉很多。”
Many people still cling to the old customs and beliefs.	許多人仍然固守舊習慣和信仰。
Once two shear bands combine to form a fault band, the system is formed, subsequently leading to the decrease in load-carrying capacity of the system.	兩條斷層帶（或剪切帶）匯交時系統形成，之後其承載能力下降。
Facebook credits can be used to buy virtual gifts – such as cupcakes, toys and flowers – from the Facebook Gift Shop.	Facebook的信用值可以用來從Facebook的禮品商店購買虛擬禮品，比如杯形糕餅，玩具和鮮花。
Many times each day the mother would swoop down from the sky and land in the nest and feed the baby eagle delicious morsels of food.	每天好幾次，母親都會從高空飛下來，一口一口地餵它可口的食物。
Libyan Deputy Foreign Minister Khaled Kaim said government forces had shot down two rebel helicopters in the east but this also cannot be confirmed.	利比亞外交部副部長哈立德凱姆說，政府部隊已擊落直升機的東兩個反叛但這也不能得到證實。
If I can choose the fate of the next generation, that I must have chosen not to make a woman, I am willing to do a tear in lover's eye.	如果可以選擇下一輩的命運，那我一定選擇不再做一女人，我情願做情人眼裏的一滴眼淚…
I politely ask the attention of the world. Please do not judge and mistreat us just because of what happened tonight.	我禮貌的請求全世界注意，請不要只因爲今晚發生的事情評判和誤解我們。
The cross-reference table is the only part of a PDF file with a fixed format; this permits entries in the table to be accessed randomly.	PDF文件只有交叉引用表是固定格式的；這是爲了更好的“以不變應萬變”。
Due to a serious deformation of throat armor, the operating conditions of No. 4BF at Chongqing Iron and Steel Co. Ltd. became worse.	重鋼4號高爐由於爐喉鋼磚嚴重變形，對高爐生產帶來很不利的影響。
Any one who bustles for or even exhausts his energy for the meaningless and vain shell, is the secular gentleman.	整天爲了這個虛有的、無意義的軀殼而忙忙碌碌，殫精竭力的人，是世俗認定的君子。
Soon the school will break from the past and move to a new location with larger, and newer, facilities.	不久，一中將會擺脫舊的束縛，遷向一個面積更大、設備更加先進的新校址。
Duravit combines the global resources, but all factories follow the same high-standard, consummate craft advanced technology, which.	公司整合全球資源，全球一致的高標準，精湛的手工和先進的技術，賦予所有杜拉維特產品傳奇的高貴品質。
Results P and N scores in EPQ of female sexual offenders were significantly higher than normal controls.	結果發現女性性罪錯者P、N量表原始分明顯高於常模。
Methods:37 patients with calf muscular venous thrombosis were observed by color Doppler ultrasonography before and after treatment.	方法：應用彩色多普勒超聲技術觀察37例小腿肌間靜脈叢血栓患者治療前後管腔、管壁及血流情況。
Growing numbers of? Europeans are burrowing below ground to create house, offices, discos and shopping malls.	持續增長的大量的歐洲人挖地洞建房子，公司，迪廳和商場。
If you hadn’t lent me some money, I couldn’t have bought the new house and most likely I would be still living in the dangerous house now.	假若你不借錢給我，我不可能買下這幢新房，很可能現在還住在危房裏。 (從句說明過去，主句說明過去和現在。)
There is an energy threshold value beyond which kerosene can be ignited by the igniters.	當利用點火器強制點火時，存在一個能夠點火的能量閾值。
In this paper, a goal programming model is used to solve the mixed-model U-line balancing problem. A numerical example shows the proposed model is effective.	本文針對混合模式下U型裝配線平衡問題，提出一個目標規劃法以求解該問題，量化示例表明所提方法是有效的。
The participating helicopters will form two different formations in the air during the parade.	受閱直升機將組成“楔”字和“品”字兩種隊形，九機“品”字隊形是陸航歷史上首次展示。
Objective To discuss the feasibility and clinical value of preserving intercostobrachial nerve(ICBN)in axillary lymph node dissection for breast neoplasma.	目的探討保留肋間臂神經在乳腺癌腋淋巴結清掃術中的可行性及臨牀應用價值。
In this article , the application of VB3.0 order file in the CAD of intellect flour flow design is introduced .	介紹VB3．0順序文件在智能化粉路計算機輔助設計中的應用。
The city is noted for its handicrafts. Population, 745,000.	這個城市以手工藝品著名。
After the meeting, I will you, I very well.	經年相遇，我會對你說，我很好。
RBS.L) ranked next for loan exposure to UAE, with loans of $3.6 billion and $2.2 billion, respectively.	巴克萊銀行(BARC.L:  行情)和蘇格蘭皇家銀行(RBS.L:  行情)對阿聯酋貸款敞口則緊隨渣打,分別爲36億美元和22億美元.
They read deep and learned books to him, and then the lightest and most trifling that could be found, but all to no purpose.	人們念些深奧的書給他聽，或念些世上最輕鬆的讀物給他聽，但這對他的病也沒有什麼好處。
And upon the table of shewbread they shall spread a cloth of blue， and put thereon the dishes， and the spoons， and the bowls， and covers to cover withal： and the continual bread shall be thereon	4：7 又用藍色毯子鋪在陳設餅的桌子上，將盤子，調羹，奠酒的爵，和杯擺在上頭。 桌子上也必有常設的餅。
I met her in a bar.	我在一家酒吧遇到的她。
After flourishing age of the Tang Dynasty of the Sui Dynasty, formed an outward state again in south " maritime the Silk Road " .	隋唐盛世之後，在南方又形成了通向外國的“海上絲綢之路”。
Yu Hector grandma to wake up in the morning after breakfast, she was very happy, JiangYuHe wake up is grandma accused drink too much, and let him walk to light some.	宇赫奶奶早上來醒來後準備早餐，她十分高興，姜宇赫醒來後被奶奶指責喝酒太多，還有讓他走路的時候要輕一些。
"Teacher Appreciation Week" is the happiest time teachers, many students have already graduated will be sent ane-mail congratulations to the teacher.	“謝師周”是教員們最幸福的時辰，良多早已結業的學生城市給教員發來電子郵件祝賀。
The sitology expert that London emperor tall controls a hospital is right stick piece had a test, think really effective.	倫敦聖喬治醫院的飲食學專家對貼片進行了測試，認爲確實有效。
Superior drag and drop functionality between folders, better navigation between messages and other bundled features aim to complement the email interface and keep users logged in longer.	在文件夾間提供更高級的上下拉功能，在信息與其它配屬特色間提供更好的瀏覽，目的是使電郵界面更完整，並讓用戶長時間登錄。
The set up of Russia-US new-style strategic partnership after "9·11" and the improvement of Russia-US relations didn't necessarily lead to the disappearance of Russia-US strategic competition.	事件後俄美建立新型戰略伙伴關係，俄美關係改善沒有自然地導致俄美戰略競爭的消失。
Based on the analysis of the conventional oval pass design of a stretch reducing mill and the design provided by W.	在對張減機橢圓孔型傳統設計方法和西德所提供的設計方法分析的基礎上。
The genetic variations and polymorphisms of six microsatellite loci were analyzed to determine the population structure and breeding progress of BMY and Brahman cattle.	對6個牛微衛星座位的遺傳變異及多態性分析，以期瞭解BMY牛和婆羅門牛的羣體遺傳結構與育成情況。
Inside the liquid were threadlike clumps of mouse neurons, which were wired to platinum electrodes and covered with a white, pearlescent substance called myelin.	每個細胞團裏都有鉑金電極，覆蓋着神經細胞團的是一種白色的物質，人們稱它爲髓磷脂。
The integration between the two services is seamless, though Picnik's design is clearly different from Picasa's and quite a few users will probably think that they've arrived on a non-Google site.	Google讓picnik和Picasa之間做到了無縫整合，但保留了兩個網站各自的風格。
Although many T/PGMS lines were successfully released, only a few T/PGMS lines turned out to be of commercial use due to the instability of the male-sterility.	儘管許多光溫敏核不育系先後通過了正式鑑定，但因育性不穩定真正能實際利用的還很少。
Kangkang said that he previewed the day's lesson before class.	康康說他課前預習當天的課程。
In Dubai waiting for the connecting flight to Jakarta…eyes are stinging, 3hrs sleep!	在杜拜等着轉機往雅加達的航班…眼睛很累呀，只睡了3小時！
Anyway, your pre-existing condition won't be covered under most corporate plans for at least a year.	反正，大部分公司在一年之內都不會承擔你已經存在的醫療保險問題的。
Bamboo water side edge loose stone, a good ten years ago in the wind.	石邊流水竹邊鬆，中有十年前好風。
For nearly 50 fifty years, Kuwait's parliaments have been man only men-only territory.	在將近50年的時間裏，科威特的國會一直是男人的天下。
Using the power of GD and Perl, you can link various data and images together to create sophisticated charts that will help bring visual interest to your applications.	利用 GD 和 Perl 的力量，您可以把各種數據和圖像鏈接到一起來創建有助於提升應用程序視覺興趣的複雜圖形。
Temperature distribution was tested along thickness direction of Dendrocalamus giganteus timber under different hot pressing temperatures.	測定了龍竹竹材在不同熱壓溫度下乾燥時的溫度分佈。
Based on the conventional paraffin sectioning method, the dynamics of polysaccharides during the ovular development in Tugarinovia mongolica was observed at the optical level .	運用常規石蠟製片法，在光學顯微鏡下觀察了多糖在革苞菊胚珠發育過程中的消長動態。
It is famous for its terracotta warriors and horses of the Qin Dynasty, the Imperial Tombs of the Qin Dynasty , and many other world-class historical relics.	西安作爲六朝古都之一，以秦朝的兵馬俑以及許多世界級的歷史文物聞名世界。
To achieve the precise amount of non-linear simulation and rapid detection, linear analog multi-point calibration detection method is proposed.	爲實現非線性模擬量的精確、快速檢測，提出了非線性模擬量的多點定標檢測方法。
GE had about $778 million in aviation revenue in China in 2010 and is aiming for close to $1 billion this year, amid new engine sales and service revenue, a person familiar with the matter said.	據一位知情人士透露，2010年GE在中國的航空業務收入大約爲7.78億美元，由於引擎銷售的增加和服務收入的提升，GE今年的收入目標是接近10億美元。
Due to influence from both human and natural sides, runoff in the upstream of the Yellow River has been less and less.	由於自然及人爲因素的影響，黃河上游近年來水量呈逐年減少趨勢。
Now the company expanded its platform outward. The aim was to develop a form of artificial intelligence that could analyze chunks of text—websites, blogs, e-mail, books—and match them with keywords.	現在公司正在向外擴張自已的平臺，努力研究出一種新的人工智能技術，可以分析出網頁、博客、電子郵件的塊狀文字，達到和關鍵字相匹配的目的。
It is not eextremecclyday you get a birthday, so hope you get a wonderful first. May it be followed by days or weeks or months or seasons of happiness to you!	並非每一天都能過生日，希望你當今生日愉快，願你年年歲歲開心永伴！
Natasha loved the tigers. From a young age, she developed a special relationship with one cub in particular called Sasha.	她喜歡的是老虎，尤其從小便和一隻名叫莎莎的幼虎發展出一段特別的關係。
There is no doubt he is the "Rock Star" CEO.	毫無疑問，他就是傳說中的“搖滾明星式”CEO。
U. N. chief Ban Ki-moon told reporters he would go to the Danish capital next week to open the high-level segment that he expects will draw more than 100 heads of state and government.	聯合國祕書長潘基文告訴記者說，他下個星期將前往丹麥首都爲這次高級別會議主持開幕式，他預計會有100多個國家和政府的領導人出席會議。
She liked “torch songs”—that’s what she called these love songs.	她喜歡聽所謂“火把歌曲”---她把那些情歌叫做這個。
During Cardinal Wolsey's trial for treason, he was accused of giving Henry VIII syphilis by persistently whispering in the king's ear.	在紅衣主教沃爾西的叛國罪審理過程中，他被控通過頻繁耳語而將梅毒傳染給了亨利八世。
Operation of disc aerators No. 1-8 is controlled by the computer inside central control room or by PLC under automatic mode.	由中控室內的終端機控制轉碟1–8號連續運行或由PLC控制自動運行。
Aptitude controller of screw air compressor jointly developed by the author and certain air compressor factory are studied.	介紹了筆者與某空氣壓縮機廠聯合研製的螺桿式空氣壓縮機智能控制器。
Molly saw liu Ming from liudong submit an application for the breast piece list a name, this let her deep concern.	莫莉從劉東遞交的胸牌申請名單中看到了劉明一的名字，這讓她深深地感到擔憂。
This paper presents the principle of a new frame-type strander, indicating the difference between the new line and the traditional line using spindle drive.	主要介紹了新型框絞機生產線設計的基本原理，闡述了新生產線與傳統的地軸傳動框絞機生產線的區別。
Sheng Ling Art Center——Sheng Ling Gallery, located on the elegant, tranquil Gaoyou Road, Xuhui District, Shanghai.	聖菱藝術中心—《聖菱畫廊》座落在幽雅、寧靜的徐彙區高郵路。
By analyzing the preface, we can find that by endowing xiao-shuo with function of supporting politics, it changed xiao-shuo from a common derogatory term to a positive concept as a literature genre.	分析可以發現，它通過賦予小說資治的功能，將“小說”由一個具有貶義色彩的普通詞語轉變爲具有正面價值的文類概念。
The Hawaiians have suffered repeated – and well-dated – eruptions, each remembered as a battle of a chief with a demigod.	夏威夷人經受了很多次火山爆發，每一次他們都認爲是小神（demigod:半人半神）與大神的戰爭。
Jack subdues the suspect but realizes Hampton has been shot.	傑克制服了嫌犯，但他發現傑西被子彈擊中了。
The company continued to invest a lot of money to introduce advanced foreign technology, research and devote themselves to digestion and absorption, has been in a technology industry-leading level.	公司持續投入大量資金引進國外先進技術，潛心研究並加以消化吸收，技術水平 一直處於行業領先。
In a laboratory at Uppsala University in Sweden, two species of frogs were exposed to levels of estrogen similar to those detected in natural bodies of water in Europe, the United States and Canada.	在瑞典烏普薩拉大學的實驗室裏，兩種青蛙被放置在了雌性激素含量與在歐洲、美國和加拿大水域裏所監測到的相同的環境中。
Aim:To research the influence of reaction conditions on the yield of IH 1,2,3 Benzotriazole byo phenylenediamine.	目的：研究鄰苯二胺法合成IH 1，2 ，3 苯並三唑的反應條件對產率的影響。
Standing on the starting line, we're all cowards.	站在起跑線上，我們都是膽小者。
The DEM grid is used to control the 3D military symbol models shape also; the 3D military symbol can be limited into the DEM grid and follow the DEM grids surface.	實驗結果表明，該方法能夠很好地控制3維軍標符號的平面與空間形態，並能有效實現DEM地形跟隨。
At the moment China is taking green strides that make sense for its economy.	此時此刻，中國正走在有經濟意義的綠色道路大步前進。
Results: According to hemagglutination titer, it was proved that most of Radix Isatidis and Folium Isatidis were effective to influenza A virus in 3 aspects: direct, therapeutic and preventive action.	結果 ：血凝滴度實驗表明 ，在對甲型流感病毒的直接作用、治療作用和預防作用 3方面大多數板藍根和大青葉有效 ，但各種質藥材樣品抗病毒活性的有無及強度有明顯差異。
As long as the modern descendant of this culture of enquiry survives, most of our scientific knowledge and technology could be rediscovered and reinvented sooner or later.	因此，只要掌握這種探尋文化的子孫後代能夠生存下去，我們的大多數科學知識和技術或早或晚都能被重新發現或重新發明出來。
For Jenson Button, the equally pressing issue is how he is going to get his title challenge back on track after another poor race in the Hungarian Grand Prix, in which he finished seventh.	對於簡森·巴頓而言，面臨着同樣的壓力，在又經歷了一個表現差強人意的匈牙利大獎賽後（以第七的成績完賽），他將如何在賽道上重振雄風。
It’s like a domino effect; it’s indirect but without the first step, without the trees, none of it could happen, ” said Lindo.	這就像是多米諾效應；這是間接的，但沒有第一步，沒有這些樹，什麼都無法發生，”Lindo 說。
Have you ever wondered why so many girls have crushes on their teachers?	你是否曾經疑惑爲什麼那麼多的女生迷戀她們的老師呢？
There are a lot of factors to affect the rising rate of water level in the meandering Lower Yellow River and river width is only one of them.	認爲影響黃河下游遊蕩性河道水位漲率的因素是多方面的，河寬只是其中的原因之一。
During the past season, he has been one of the best players in the world - and it is only a matter of time before he is back to that form.	在上個賽季中，他是世界上最棒的球員之一，遲早會找回自己的巔峯狀態。
But our borders are just too vast for us to be able to solve the problem only with fences and border patrols.	但是，我們的邊界線實在太長，因而我們無法僅僅通過設置圍牆和部署邊界巡邏隊來解決這個問題。
According to the author, who played the most important role in making him walk back to school again?	根據作者所言，在能夠讓他再次走回學校這件事中，誰的作用最大？
In other words, how is socio-economic adversity getting ‘under the skin’ to cause people to have a reduced life expectancy or increased risk of cardiovascular disease?	換句話說，就是社會經濟的逆境是如何侵入到內心引起人們的預期壽命減少或者患心血管病的風險增大的？
John Osborne's 1956 play "Look Back in Anger" showed a working-class man's fury at the middle class he had married into.	約翰·奧斯本的1956年的劇本《憤怒中回顧》呈現的是一個通過婚姻，一個工人階級轉變爲中產階級，處於中產階級他的不滿與憤怒。
Both MAX(1) and MARG(1) are subclasses of the minimal unsatisfiable formulas, and formulas in these subclasses can be represented by trees.	和MARG（1）是極小不可滿足公式的兩個子類，這兩個子類中的公式可以用樹表示。
The five chief forms of punishment in ancient China were used by the rulers to control the people.	中國古代五刑制度是中國古代法律制度的重要組成部分，同時也是中國刑罰體系的核心內容。
Analytic functions are commonly used to compute cumulative, moving, centered, and reporting aggregates.	分析函數通常用於計算數據累積值，數據移動值、數據中間值，和輸出集合報表。
That's it. Are you going to crash on the couch?	好啦，夠啦。 你要在沙發上睡?。
Make sure you have at least 5 GB of free space in the /tmp file system of each computer.	保證您在每一臺計算機上的 /tmp 文件系統至少保留 5 GB 自由空間。
Following a doctor's recommendation after a physical, he went for an exam at a Fort Myers radiology center.	在一次體檢後遵循醫生的建議，他來到福特梅爾斯的一個放射治療中心做檢查。
P. S. We sincerely apologize to all Platypus enthusiasts out there who are offended by that thoughtless commet about the Platypi.	我們真誠地向所有珍愛鴨嘴獸、並對剛剛那句關於鴨嘴獸的無心言論有所不滿的人致以歉意。
"It is a surprise that almost half of the universities do not do science, " said Atilio Bustos, a member of the Scimago Research Group from Pontificia Universidad Católica de Valparaiso, in Chile.	“令人吃驚的是這些大學中的將近半數不進行科學研究。” 智利瓦爾帕萊索天主教大學的Scimago研究組的成員Atilio Bustos說。
To enhance noise reduction and to improve flow resistance always attend to one thing and lose another in the case of designing silencer for low frequencies noise with high velocity flows.	對需要控制低頻噪聲的高速氣流場合應用消聲器，消聲量和系統的阻力損失經常成爲顧此失彼的二難選擇。
From 1991 to 1993, in Huajian Region of Sunan Country at the northern foot of Qil-ian Mountain and Diebu forest region of Minshan Mountain.	1993年，作者在甘肅省祁連山北麓鏵尖地區和岷山北麓迭部地區作了萊姆病血清流行病學調查。
Objective To elevate the effect of KTP laser dacryocystoplasty in the treatment of lacrimal duct obstruction.	目的評價KTP激光淚道成形術對淚道阻塞治療的效果。
The dresses and ornaments of the Hakkas not only remain the Han characteristics in the Central Plain, but also embody the features of the southern ethnic minorities.	客家人的服飾不僅保留了中原漢族服飾之特點，同時體現出南方民族服飾之特徵。
It has little in common with a portfolio of high-flying glamour stocks and during periods of popularity for the latter, we may appear quite stodgy.	這與滿是高高在上的熱門股的投資組合不同。在這些熱門股票流行的時期，我們會顯得非常古板枯燥。
The local store has started selling baguettes and Belgian beers.	當地的商店已經開始出售法國棍式麪包和比利時啤酒。
A signed Fender Standard Series Stratocaster has become the world's most expensive guitar, fetching a massive $2.8 million at auction in Doha, Qatar.	一把帶有防護公司標準系列標誌的吉他，在卡塔爾首都多哈的一個拍賣會中拍出了2.8百萬的天價，成爲了世界上最昂貴的吉他。
I immersed in thought, until the neck sour, I only bowed his head, and his party Qinglei dripping on my back of the hand.	我沉浸在思想中，直到脖子發酸，我才低下頭來，一行清淚滴落在我的手背上。
Just then a sudden gust of wind lifted the bamboo screen outside the window and banged it against the eaves .	這時窗外一陣風突然捲起了那竹簾子，拍的一聲，直撩上了屋檐去了。
On one side there's Barack the Policy Wonk, whose command of the issues — and ability to explain those issues in plain English — is a joy to behold.	一方面奧巴馬是個政策超人，他對問題的掌握以及用平易的英語解釋這些問題的能力看上去簡直是一種享受。
The experimental data of bulk Fe-based amorphous alloys prepared by copper mold casting were listed.	以銅模鑄造法制備的鐵基大塊非晶合金爲例，列出了該材料的一些實驗數據。
Sit down and plan out a strategy for defeating your doubt.	坐下來然後制定一項擊敗懷疑的計劃。
At the same time they are beneficial to manage well of inflation, enhance finance's continuance of supporting economic development.	同時也有利於管理好通脹預期、提高金融支持經濟發展的可持續性。
The food market has a wide variety of things on sale, with many kinds of fish, meat, eggs, vegetable, fruit and bean products.	小區生活很方便，我們小區的菜場賣的東西很齊全，有賣肉的賣蔬菜的賣水果的豆製品雞蛋等蛋類魚類各種米麪。
I hope he can see the movie next time.	我希望他下回能看這部影片。
In Asia, roughly about a billion people are vulnerable to the food and fuel price increases, " Mr Nag said.	在亞洲，粗略估計約有10億人對糧價和油價上漲非常敏感，”Nag先生說。
As we saw in Section 12.3 (p. 444), members defined inside a class may use names that appear textually after the definition.	正如第12.3節所介紹的，類內部所定義的成員可以使用出現在定義文本之後的名字。
The phenomenon of coherence resonance of a nonlinear integral-and-fire model subject to a voltage-gated channel noise and a synaptic noise is investigated.	研究了電壓門控離子通道噪聲和突觸噪聲共同作用下非線性積分點火模型的相干共振現象。
We'd been talking about taking some photos out behind the Arena, as the Arena actually sits right on Biscayne Bay (you can even take your boat to a game).	我們希望在談論採取了一些照片背後的競技場，因爲競技場實際上位於比斯坎灣的權利（你甚至可以從您的船到遊戲） 。
For the level of resources, the full use of library information resources and rational development of free resources online was expatiated.	在資源層面，着重闡述了充分利用本館信息資源，合理開發網上免費資源；
A new thyristor medium-frequency power supply startup circuit is introduced in this article.	介紹一種新的晶閘管中頻電源啓動電路。
But the new study, in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences, concludes that smog from the extra coal acted to mask greenhouse warming.	但是，發表在美國《國家科學院學報》上的一項研究報告得出的結論是過度使用煤炭資源生成的煙霧掩蓋了溫室效應的影響。
Vitamin b1 lack of not only can cause beriberi, can also cause neuropathy and involvement of the heart and make the person grumpy, sleepy weakness, nervous and volatile.	維生素b1缺乏不僅可引發腳氣病，還可引起神經炎並累及心臟，並使人脾氣暴躁，睏倦乏力，神經過敏，喜怒無常。
Karl Mannheim(2002) Reconstruction of man and society: a study of modern social structure Sdxjoint Publishing Company.	卡爾“曼海姆（2002），《重建時代的人與社會：現代社會結構的研究》，生活”讀書“新知三聯書店。
The fact is the downward trend internationally has not fully translated into lower food prices in many poor countries… so we have to continue to help.	事實上，在很多貧困國家，全球經濟下行趨勢並未完全轉化爲食品價格的下跌……因此，我們必須繼續提供幫助。
Ningbo is located in the middle of the mainland coast-line and the south of Yangtze River Delta, and adjacent to Shanghai and Hangzhou.	寧波位於中國大陸海岸線中段、經濟發達的長江三角洲南翼，毗鄰上海、杭州。
High-tech everywhere you look: it seems to be part of China's everyday reality in the nation's megalopolises.	高科技處處可見：在中國的大都市裏，高科技似乎已融入日常生活中。
These are remains of an abandoned radar station Chernobyl-2.	這是切爾若貝利2號雷達站的遺蹟。
The structures of some key energy-absorbing components were improved, such as the bumper absorbing box and bumper back-end, with the component strength being increased in the cabin part.	改進了保險槓吸能盒、保險槓後端抗彎部件等關鍵吸能部件的結構；增加了乘員艙區域部件的強度。
I cabled her, but we've been at sea.	他打電報通知我他很快就會回來。
From then on, the provinces have, ****for over 2000 years of Chinese feudal monarchy, the profound and far-reaching influence of China's modern history a great revolution, the revolution.	從此各省紛紛響應，****了2000多年的中國封建帝制，這就是中國近代史上影響深刻、意義深遠的一次偉大革命——辛亥革命。
In Huang Yan's other series, Quotations from Huang Yan, the subjects are the workers, peasants and soldiers from the New China series.	黃岩的另一系列油畫作品——《黃岩語錄》， 沿用了《新中國》系列中的工農兵形象。
A new method of low-field pulsed nuclear magnetic resonance (NMR) spectroscopy for the determination of spin finish in cellulose acetate tow was investigated.	研究了採用低場脈衝核磁共振（NMR）測定二醋酸纖維素絲束油劑的新方法，給出NMR法測定二醋酸纖維素絲束油劑含量的標準曲線。
Background: Luigi Ciocca is an Italian fashion designer consultant.	背景：Luigi Ciocca 爲意大利著名設計師兼時尚顧問。
And while his bedroom nightstands were a veritable drugstore of prescription vials, he ate healthful New Age breakfasts of granola with almond milk.	雖然他的牀頭櫃就像是一個小型的藥店，放滿了藥瓶子，他儘量讓自己的生活方式健康起來，他喝新世紀的早餐，用杏仁牛奶衝調格蘭諾拉麥片。
But as long-time Chicago observer Steve Bartin points out, the story missed--or simply ignored--many critical facts.	但是，芝加哥的一名長期觀察者斯蒂夫·巴通指出，這些報道是片面的，許多關鍵實情並未報道，或者被直接忽略了。
Clooney also is convincing, projecting warmth and ease in an understated performance.	而喬治·克魯尼也極具說服力，他用質樸的表演方式演繹了溫情與淡定。
I was baffled that some ofthe most basic workplace blunders seem to be tripping people up!	許多最基本的職場失誤會讓他們摔跟頭，這讓我困惑。
Biopics can be a nasty business, and Stone routinely throws himself into historical narratives and the messy negotiation between fact and fiction.	傳記電影可能是一個可怕的行業，斯通經常把自己投入歷史故事以及現實和虛構的混亂協調之中。
We will continue to support Iraq's unity government as it works to bring peace to its great country.	我們將在伊拉克團結政府給這個偉大的國家帶來和平的過程中繼續提供支持。
There are many cases of human rights violations filed before the police.	警方接手許多人權侵犯案件，往往牽連到高級官員。
We need to select themes, sites and timing for shooting, as well as the figures and objects coming into viewfinder, and the Aperture and shutter speed, etc.	我們要選擇題材、地點與拍攝時機，選擇進入取景框的人與物，選擇光圈與快門速度等等。
All of these methods have specific components related to them, but inherit from the OpenLaszlo RPC component .	所有這些方法都有相關的特定組件，但是它們都繼承 OpenLaszlo RPC 組件 。
Draw Strength from Diversity: The United States has benefited throughout our history when we have drawn strength from our diversity.	從多樣性中獲得力量：美國的整個歷史都受益於從我們的多樣性中獲得力量。
Even though we are no longer babies, how we look at each other remains important throughout our lives.	即使我們不再是嬰兒，但是我們待人接物的方式會影響我們的一生。
SSO can also improve the productivity of network users, reduce the cost of network operations, and improve network security.	SSO 還可以提高網絡用戶的生產力，減少網絡操作的成本，增強網絡安全性。
Though these arguments are a sufficient introduction to the chapter, I would make a final observation related to teaching.	儘管以上論述作爲本章的一個導論已經足夠，但我還是想在最後提一個與教學有關的意見。
Feedback he got, from fellow club member and high school friend Steve Jobs: Don't give your ideas away for free. Wozniak listened.	他從俱樂部成員，也是高中朋友的史蒂夫·喬布斯得到反饋意見：你的想法不要免費白送。
Royal Court Hotel is located on the busy Huaihai middle road commercial street. Chess, Spa, beauty and hair salon are all equipped in the hotel.	位於上海市中心繁華的淮海中路商業街，酒店前身爲老上海著名貴族教會學府——聖約瀚大學。
Permission is granted for users to use this Software to convert the web content from traditional Chinese character version to simplified Chinese character version.	政府容許使用者利用軟件將網站內容由繁體中文版本轉換成爲簡體中文版本。
And my answer would be that I hope you would because those are the people who founded the Microsoft Corporation.	我的答案是，我希望大家投資,因爲這些人是,微軟公司的創辦者。
Changes in the endogenous polyamine(PAs) contents during floral sex differentiation and sex reversal were studied in flowers of cucumber.	研究了黃瓜雌、雄花幾個主要發育時期和性別逆轉過程中內源多胺的變化。
Future versions of the Puffin may have more than two rotors to help the aircraft survive gunfire and other issues like bird strikes.	另外，這種機型的未來版本還可能追加設置兩部螺旋槳發動機，以免發動機被炮火或飛鳥擊中而出現停機。
Many employers do not sign labor contract with workers or refuse to abide the contract.	許多僱主沒有同工人簽署勞動合同，或者拒絕履行勞動合同。
The building of new village, with abundant content, much difficulties and heavy tasks, demands the long-term laborious effort from the whole society.	新農村建設內容多、難度大、任務重，需要全社會做出長期艱苦的努力。
They argue that the commission should risk courting unpopularity and push on with its legislative programmes.	他們認爲委員會應該甘冒不受歡迎的風險來推進其立法項目。
Mr. Black, I have just been married, therefore can I get a raise in my wages?	布萊克先生，我剛剛結婚了，所以我能提薪嗎？
Considering how ritualistic the Yautja are, this could be how they copulate.	試想一下Yautja是多麼的固守儀式的，這可能就是他們交配的方式。
The MSDN Code Gallery is a portal for snippets, samples and other resources.	MSDN代碼展覽館是一個存放代碼片斷，示例和其他資源的門戶。
The Dalai Lama's visit to Australia has drawn criticism from Beijing, which regards the 71-year old Buddhist leader as a separatist.	達賴喇嘛訪澳引發北京的批評，北京認爲這位71 歲的佛教領袖是一名分離主義者。
Cultural self-confidence, must rely on a certain cultural tension, in my opinion, this tension is derived from the story of the collective, is a process from scratch.	有文化自信，必須依靠一定的文化張力，在我看來這種張力正是源於集體的故事，是一個從無到有的過程。
I got a splinter in my finger while I was moving the boxes.	我在搬箱子的時候手指頭上紮了一根刺。
His body was found in the Floor hole.	他的軀體發現在樓棟裏。
Therefore the algorithm can effectively control the bandwidth occupation of non-response flow.	這將有效的控制非響應流對帶寬的佔用。
Transaction-processing systems are widely used today, and companies have accumulated a vast amount of information generated by these systems.	事務處理系統現在正被廣泛使用，並且公司已經積累了大量由這類系統產生的信息。
Suited for use in a wide range of applications, including carburetors and farm machinery, our custom extension springs are available in various materials including stainless steel.	可用在許多應用領域，包括汽化機和農場機械，我們公司的拉伸彈簧可使用不同的材料（包括不鏽鋼）。
But he has one problem -- a hot temper.	但是，他有一個問題，那就是脾氣太急燥。
Hanna, female, a master graduate in vacuum and fluid engineering center.	韓娜，女，真空與流體工程研究中心碩士研究生。
Weihai, situated in the easternmost of Shandong Province, surrounded by sea on three sides, and is a beautiful coastal city.	留學解答資訊網：威海位於山東省的最東端，它三面環海，是一座美麗的沿海城市。
Reshetnikov was a celebrated Soviet pilot who fought on the Eastern Front in World War II.	列舍特尼科夫是2戰中東線戰線的著名蘇聯飛行員。
You may be asked to complete a sequence of numbers, state the largest fraction or interpret date tables.	考題可能讓你算出一個數列中的某個數字、找出一堆分數中的最大值、或者解讀一個表格中的數據。
Another key element is to try to bring in Taliban insurgents willing to join the government side, says Britain's Foreign Secretary David Milliband.	英國外交大臣大衛•米利班德表示，會議的另一項主要議題是“招安”塔利班反叛分子。
Stressed-out men not only rated heavier women as more attractive, but they also gave higher ratings to a wider range of body types overall.	處於壓力下的男性不僅覺得胖女人更有吸引力，他們給高分的體形範圍也更廣。
Quality guideline:Offer reliant quality and considerate service to clients by all the stuffs ' endeavor.	質量方針：以全體員工的精心努力，提供客戶可信賴的品質和周到的服務。
This paper reviews the various applications and processes of the clad tubing.	本文介紹了複合管的各種用途、生產工藝。
I like to listen to audio books on personal development while riding the bus and doing the dishes.	當我在公共汽車上或洗餐具的時候，我喜歡去聽關於個人發展的有聲讀物。
A space to cool your feet and massage your back at workplace is like asking for water on the rocks in a desert, but this one right here makes a connection between leisure and work.	在辦公室，要想好好坐下來做個背部按摩就像是在沙漠中尋求一滴水那樣不可想象。 但是這款沙發把休閒和工作聯繫在了一起。
This machine mainly composes of walking devices, lifting devices, fabric devices, vibrator device, sliding molding equipment, and electronic control system components.	可一次完成渠道混凝土布料、振搗密實、提漿、擠壓成型等工作，自動完成對斜坡、坡腳、坡肩的襯砌。
As one of the social cultural phenomenoa, the sense of Reproduction Worships essence exists in the concept of Chinese traditional life outlook.	生殖崇拜意識是天水民居文化內涵的組成部分，是中國傳統文化的生命觀在天水古民居建築中的無意識或有意識反映。
"Do not cry, little kittens, "said Humpty Dumpty."This morning I saw three little kittens hide their mittens in the tall grass next to the Babbling Brook."	“不要哭，小貓，”漢僕.達譜說，“今天早上我看見三隻小貓在胡說河邊的高草中藏他們的拳擊手套。”
Then he smiled at me wistfully and went to sit by a girl with braces and a bad perm.	然後他滿懷希望 地向我笑了笑，回去坐到一個戴着牙套，燙着可怕的波浪發的女孩旁邊。
In order to acquaint you with our business lines, we enclose a copy of our Export List covering the main items sup pliable at present.	爲使你瞭解我們從事的行業，我們隨附一份出口單，關於我們目前可供應的主要商品。
Conclusions the drynaria has the effect of estrogen, it can prevent and cure post-menopausal through stimulating the growth of osteoblast and improving the building of bone quantity.	結論：骨碎補具有類雌激素樣作用，能夠刺激成骨細胞生長，促進骨量生成，從而起到防治絕經後骨質疏鬆症的作用。
It's a pity that we don't have enough time in our life to learn all the languages, which are all very beautiful and very, very amazing!	但遺憾的是，儘管每一種語言都是那麼優美，令人稱奇，我們在一生中卻沒有足夠的時間來一一學習。
What matters it if the hours pass and the sun sets ; if the way through the desolate land be lost in the waning light?	即使時光流逝，太陽西沉，又有什麼關係呢?即使那橫穿荒野的小路迷失在暮色蒼茫裏，又有什麼關係呢?。
When I reached my home, on high ground, the lock on the front door was broken and the floor was covered with books, CDs and plates that had fallen from the shelves.	當我回到家的時候，站在高處，前門的鎖已經壞了，地板上也鋪滿了從架子上掉下來的書，光盤以及盤子。
Port of Spain , on Trinidad , is the capital.	特立尼達島上的西班牙港是國家的首都。
As a treasured cultural relic, it is collected Shanghai Library.	目前僅存的孤本今收藏於上海圖書館，是國寶級的文物。
The currently most popular area Wavelength division multiplexing medium access (WDMA) protocols are overview in this paper. New WDMA protocols work toward practical applications.	近年來波分複用訪問控制（WDMA）協議的研究十分活躍，本文綜述了這一領域的最新成果。
Once teachers on site finalize the number of people in the Pick-Up, all doors will be closed and all students have to stay put for 10 sec.	在現場的老師確定車內人數後，車門將關上，所有隊員必須在裏頭待上 10 秒鐘。
The fourth part analyses the problems existing in the district election of the deputy to DPC in the city.	第四部分分析了城市區級人大代表直接選舉過程中存在並亟需解決的一些問題；
It's got a new government, you know, which hasn't governed before.	它剛換了政府，一個從未執政過的新政府。
DESIGN:A gene-based observation.	設計：以基因爲觀察對象。
I can come here between seven and eight.	我七點鐘和八點鐘之間能來。
What Honda needs, in part, is what every company needs from time to time: a jolt of new energy and a rededication to core values -- in Honda's case, "man maximum, machine minimum."	本田現在需要的是一股新的能量，還需要把重點放在覈心價值上——對於本田來說，就是“人最大，車最小”。
Figure 2. The cloud reference architecture.	圖2.雲計算參考架構。
Tate to draw a custom "Toyota" appropriate, electrical accessories, and towing package and an obstacle to the smooth.	定製適合繪製泰特爲豐田汽車，電器配件包和順利拖車的障礙。
According to deep hole blasting practice, the wide hole spacing small burden technology is studied because the technology can improve quality of blasting.	根據深孔爆破工程實踐，對寬孔距小抵抗線爆破技術進行了研究，該技術可改善爆破質量。
The deformation load, densification law and workpiece size in plate upsetting for sintered materials are predicted based on the UBET, and calculating procedure of UBET is explained.	根據UBET方法預測了燒結材料平板鐓粗變形力、緻密規律和變形體尺寸，闡明瞭UBET方法的計算步驟。
In this paper MEM (model element method) and its application are presented and fundamentals architecture is created for quantitative describing the deformation process of open die forging.	本文針對這類問題提出模型元分析法及其基本原理和應用，創建定量描述開式模鍛變形過程的基本理論體系。
Asymmetrical hem hits above the knee at front and is full-length at back.	在膝蓋以上的非對稱哼哼支安打放在前面，後面是完整的。
Instead, voters are showing their distaste for firebrand nationalists who preachclass warfare and state intervention in the economy.	實際上，選民已經在顯示他們對有煽動性的民族主義者鼓吹階級鬥爭，和國家干預經濟這些論調的厭惡。
I did my home work when planning for the trip to Angkor Wat. I knew it would be hard to take good pictures of bas-reliefs using the built in flash on the camera.	出發前曾上網看吳哥的照片， 對這些浮雕十分喜愛， 所以就想着如何去拍這些浮雕。
Sun Yat-sen may have been a great man, but cultural forces are much stronger than any individual or group of politicians.	孫文是個偉大的人物，但是文化的力量比任何一個個人或政治團體要來的強大。
On the other hand, regular exercise reduces the risk of diabetes, heart disease, and several cancers.	另一方面，經常鍛鍊可以降低糖尿病、心臟病和多種癌症風險。 嗇。
The WS-Coordination specification defines a framework through which those services can work from a shared "coordination context".	WS-Coordination 規範將定義一個框架，這些服務都可以通過這個框架從共享的“協調上下文”運行。
If you donâ ™t like where this link is positioned, feel free to move this HTML code to a more suitable location. Hereâ ™s the HTML code that gets inserted	如果您不喜歡鏈接安放的地方，可以隨意移動 HTML 代碼到一個更加合適的位置。
In the tests, the mixed recycled aggregates range respectively from 0,25%, 50%, 75% to 100%, and the same concrete slump values are get by adjusting water dosage.	試驗中再生骨料的摻入量分別爲0，25%，50%，75%和100%，通過調節用水量使各組混凝土達到相同的坍落度。
The worm burrowed its way under the earth.	蠕蟲在泥土下掘通道。
The documentation for this utility can be called by the command perldoc -t ./aphunter.	可以使用 perldoc -t ./aphunter 命令調出這個工具的文檔。
Police also said that at least three people were killed in a bomb explosion in a taxi on Mazegaon dockyard road, while firing was reported at the Cama hospital in south Mumbai.	警方還稱Mazegaon造船廠路的的士爆炸至少造成了3人喪生，同時孟買南部的卡馬醫院也傳來槍聲。
Practice reading aloud-get someone to check your pronunciation and intonation , or record yourself on tape and analyze your own speech.	大聲地朗讀，讓其他人檢查你的發音和語調，或者錄在磁帶裏，自己檢查。
BP's complex "top kill" manoeuvre to plug its Gulf of Mexico oil well has failed, crushing hopes for an end to the largest oil spill in US history already in its 40th day.	英國石油公司曾試圖採用頗爲複雜的“滅頂法”來封堵墨西哥灣的漏油，然而，此法亦宣告失敗。這個美國有史以來最大的漏油事故已經持續40天了，“滅頂法”的失敗也使徹底封住漏油的希望再一次破滅。
Deliberately asked Kong Rong: "so many pears, and let you get first, why don't you take a big, only to take a minimum of it?"	就故意問孔融： Ñ“這麼多的梨，又讓你先拿，你爲什麼不拿大的，只拿一個最小的呢?。
This expo isn't so much a world's fair as a China one, with other countries and global corporations exhibiting as curiosities for the people of a rapidly developing country to see.	與其說這次世博會是一次世界博覽會，不如稱其爲中國博覽會，對於一個迅速崛起的發展中國家的人民來說，顯然對這次參展的其他國家和全球企業充滿好奇。
The intermingle of good and bad in enterprise management, however, result in problems of veterinary drug GMP quality management system when it works.	獸用生物製品生產企業實施獸藥GMP管理是提高競爭力和產品質量的有效途徑。
no one else can see you shake your head.	沒人看的見你搖頭。
But she’s happy with the change: her new boss doesn’t mind her being nice - he thinks it might be good for business.	但她到對這些改變很滿意，她的新老闆不在意她的熱情，他認爲這對生意是有好處的。
Using estimated reorganizes the related knowledge carries on to the Bohai Sea extant prose edits is lost, and some collates with the annotation;	運用古籍整理的相關知識對渤海現存詩文進行輯佚、校勘與註釋；
Although nothing remains of the machine, the French government turned its home, the Palais de la Decouverte, into a science museum within the Grand Palais.	雖然這些機器沒能被留下，但是法國政府將機器的展覽地探索皇宮變成了一個科學博物館。
Our service is free repairs due to a series of bar code barriers.	我們的服務是免費維修條碼機出現一系列的障礙問題。
That's why I'm teaching chemistry. Electrochemistry is the most important branch of chemistry.	那就是我教化學的原因，電化學,則是化學最爲重要的分支。
They said the targe was out of reach.	他們抱怨說這個目標無法達成。
Xiong, of the Hubei Disease Control and Prevention Center, says he`s pleased with Beihang`s handling of the situation after the initial panic.	對於在疫情後期北航的處理方式，湖北省疾病防控中心的熊國成表示贊同。
Turn the image 180 degrees for a weird pink smoky…thing, too.	如果把圖片轉180度，還能看到一個古怪的粉紅色的冒着煙的東西。
Lu xun's grandfather once said: "time is like the water in sponge: if you let crowded, you can always get some."	魯迅爺爺曾經說過：“時間就像海綿裏的水，只要願擠，總還是有的。”
So keep your hands up a second, those people. So let me ask people why?	先別放下手,你們爲什麼這麼選
Just as we support a charitable organization and want to see them help others, we give money back to the Church so that it can be used to help and equip the Body of Christ.	就如同我們捐錢給慈善組織，是因爲希望看到他們幫助他人，我們將錢獻於教會，也是希望看到這些錢能被用來幫助和裝備其他人。
Tian Tong Yuan, a Beijing suburb that was once nicknamed "Shui Cheng" -- literally, "Sleeping City" -- is a case in point.	天通苑，北京近郊的一個社區，以前被叫做“睡城”正是這樣的例子。
We drove slowly through main streets of sleepy Pennsylvania Dutch towns , slowing to twenty miles an hour so as not to crowd the horses and horse carriages on their way to market.	我們駕車緩慢地駛過賓夕法尼亞安靜的德國城的主要街道，將速度降至每小時二十英里，以免和去趕集的馬匹和馬車擠在一起。
Zoe: You should very qualified.	佐伊： 聽起來你很夠資格。
Baja Island, not far from the reef platform, the bottom has a benthic observatory, where tourists can watch through a window to a variety of underwater life.	距離巴雅島不遠處的礁岩平臺的底層有一座海底生物觀察所，讓遊客可以透過玻璃窗觀賞到各種海底生物。
Consistent with the physical test environment depicted in Figure 3, the CallForwarding_counterpart needs to run on the UA2 machine, which has an IP address of 9.42.136.126.	CallForwarding 同等測試與圖 3 所示的物理測試環境協調，需要在 UA2 機器上運行，該機器的 IP 地址是 9.42.136.126。
KC: So we're talking about a hotbed of the Illuminati, but we're also talking about a military presence.	所以，我們是在談論光明會的一個策源地，但我們也同時在談論一個軍事存在對吧。
First impressions of Sumatra are not good.	蘇門答臘給我的第一印象並不好。
The World Health Assembly also noted a report which detailed several recommendations for research on the smallpox virus.	世界衛生大會還注意到一份報告詳細敘述了有關天花病毒研究的若干建議。
Demand, while showing signs of stabilization, is still well below year earlier numbers.	儘管需求有穩定化的跡象，但仍遠低於今年前些時候的數字。
The 114-page guide explains the rights and responsibilities of legal permanent residents -- “green card” holders -- and provides practical information about life in the United States.	這本共有114頁的手冊對合法永久居民──即所謂"綠卡"(green card)持有者──的權利與義務作了解釋，並提供有關在美國生活的實用信息。
Inspired by a cross between a fusebox and a prison.	那靈感是來自保險絲盒與監獄的雜交麼。
I hope and wish that all Chinese citizens would live in peace, mutual respect and brotherhood forever.	我希望一起的中國公民能夠安靜相處，相互尊重，永遠情同手足。
Your illness is now gone and you can leave the hospital. Please go to the hospitalization office to take care of administrative procedures and your fees.	您的病情已愈，可以出院了。請你到住院處辦理出院手續，並進行費用結算。
It is a prevailing idea that the classical Chinese poetics emphasized only lyricism and representation while neglecting mimesis;	流行的觀念認爲中國古代文論重抒情重表現，似乎不講“摹仿”，摹仿說彷彿只是西方的專利。
When the spring of carrying her unique warm, like tidal to come, it can be .	當春攜着她特有的溫煦，潮一樣地涌來時，也能讓人斷魂。
China International Exhibition Centre , Beijing, PR China.	中國國際展覽中心。北京。中國。
By addressing irregularities and punishing violators, the quality of new loans quickly improved.	通過對系統彙報的異常情況採取針對性措施並懲罰違規者，新增貸款的質量迅速提高。
"Apparently an accident this week in the tunnel resulted in a release of a large amount of waste and water, which has overfilled the provided container, " he wrote.	他寫到，「很顯然本週隧道中的一場意外導致大量的水與廢棄物外洩，而且超過了應該盛裝那些液體的容器容量。」
Thursday morning, local time, at his home in Modena, Italy, after a yearlong battle with pancreatic cancer. He was 71.	這位歌唱家在和胰腺癌進行了一年的鬥爭後，在當地時間週四凌晨5點於意大利摩德納的家中逝世，享年71歲。
One of the results of that stimulation is that B-cells - a particular subset of B-cells - gets activated.	這種激活的結果之一就是,B細胞,一類特別的B細胞亞族被激活
Australian woman June Middleton，who spent a record-breaking 60 years confined to an iron lung after contracting polio, died Saturday in Melbourne, aged 83.	10月31日，靠人造呼吸器存活了60年的澳洲"鐵肺女"米德爾頓在墨爾本去世，終年83歲。
Here's a form . please print the name and address of the person you're sending to .	這裏有張表格。 請您將收信（款）人的姓名和地址用印刷體寫上。
Evan Baxter: If thats true, Im going to be so pissed.	埃文·巴克斯特：如果真如你所說，那麼我會很地氣憤。
"I thought that maybe Bing would at least see it was interesting and try to do something with it," he said. But after a year, nothing really happened.	“我想也許必應起碼會觀察看看它是否有意思，而且嘗試用它做些事情”，他說，但一年之後，果然沒有任何事情發生，“事實上我也沒有與他們聯繫，所以這可能也是我的過錯”。
As we go vegan and begin to live much more lightly on the earth, we may also start to realize how powerfully we're affected by the omnivorous eating habits of the vast majority of our fellow citizens.	當我們開始素食，從而更輕鬆地生活在地球上的時候，我們可能會開始意識到我們是怎樣被大多數地球居民們的雜食習性所影響。
Peach roses : peach roses reflect desire and excitement. the peach rose means that love is anxiously budding, you need to hurry to catch up to romance.	桃紅玫瑰：表示期望、激動。桃紅玫瑰的花語是：愛情正處於不安的萌芽狀態，你最好加把油抓住機會，共譜浪漫史。
The natural population growth rate stood at 5.08.	人口自然增長率5．08‰。
Instead, the researchers used the structure of these natural plant compounds to develop a new chemical, called 2-ACP.	相對於單獨使用，研究人員利用這些從植物中提取的天然複合物的結構特性，開發了一種新的化學物質，即2-ACP。
EPG has been applied extensively in USA and European countries where the DTV is developed much early.	EPG 系統在美、歐等數字電視發展較早的國家已得到了廣泛的應用。
The other meaningful shapes (word and letter-form) fit nicely inside the shape, with just enough clear space to keep the elements sharp.	其他形式）有意義的形狀（單詞和字母，很好地配合內部的形狀，只有足夠的空間，保持清晰銳利的元素。
A cell phone generates radiation of less than 0.001 kJ/mole. That is 480, 000 times weaker than UV rays and 240, 000 times weaker than green light!	手機產生的輻射不足0.001千焦每摩爾，爲紫外線的480，000分之一，綠光240,000分之一！
It seems to be reflection of movement law of debris flow in Jiangjia Ravine.	由此表明，試驗得出的表面流速公式符合實際情況，反映了蔣家溝泥石流運動規律。
Scalable Vector Graphics (SVG) is an image format developed by the W3C.	可縮放 矢量圖形（Scalable Vector Graphics，SVG）是由 W3C 開發的一種圖像格式。
And i have no idea how the hell you get the impressions that Okinawans are pro-Chinese.	我不知道你怎麼會有沖繩縣民親華的印象。
Short-lived Sui Dynasty, Tang Dynasty, will soon be replaced.	隋朝短暫，很快被唐朝取代。
We sincerely invite you to participate in this event and we look forward to seeing all friends October 28, 2010 in Hefei at the big party for innovation!	誠摯邀請您參與此次盛會。我們期待2010年10月28日在合肥與各位來賓共襄自主創新的大聚會！
After Bond, Connery continued to work regularly, finally winning an Oscar for Best Supporting Actor in 1987's The Untouchables .	演完邦德之後，康納利繼續他的演藝生涯。1987年的《鐵面無私》終於爲他贏得一座奧斯卡最佳男配角金像獎。
Only, , father's letters he keeps to read himself. I am sure the postman is a wicked man.	只有爸爸的信，他留起來給他自己看。我確信這個郵差是個壞人。 罨。
The paper used iodimetry to measure of Na2S in chemical-milling solution. The analysis result's exact degree can satisfy producing require.	前言： 本文采用“ 碘量法”測定化銑液中的硫化鈉，分析結果的準確度和精密度完全能夠滿足生產要求。
The ah, China, really is a troublous times this year.	哎，中國，今年實在是多事之秋。
But its underlying fundamentals are less supportive than those of the platinum group metals, and its investor base may be more fickle that that of gold, analysts said.	分析師表示,但是,白銀的潛在基本面卻不如鉑族金屬強勁,其投資者基礎可能較黃金更加易變.
For having fun, for crying, there is alcohol. It is part of France.	歡樂痛快時喝，傷心哭泣時也喝，喝酒已經成了法國不可須臾或缺的一部分。
Our modelers will then start in on the full-res models, and our animators continue to work on refining the animation.	於是我們的模型被充分模擬出來，美工們開始進一步精化。
It was into this harbor of history and myth that Bram Stoker sailed in 1890.	1890年，布拉姆·斯托克駛進的正是這個充滿了歷史和神話的港口。
Expect to make you smile, because only a smile on that dark day seem bright make up.	指望使你歡笑的人，因爲僅僅那一笑就使黑天似乎也明亮了起來。
“The real margins now are in capsulized coffee,” Mr. Gaillard said, “where you basically sell five grams of coffee for five times the price of what you’d get from regular roasted ground.”	凱納德說：“真正的競爭差距在於咖啡膠囊的生產。 生產商賣這種5克的咖啡膠囊比在咖啡館賣現磨咖啡多賺5倍。”
The analysis is then broken into steps that progressively take into account larger and larger grammatical chunks, updating the sentiment score of each entity as it goes.	接下來由分析單個詞彙逐步推演到分析更大的語法結構，並隨着分析更新文章的“情緒分值”。
The Report at 17th Party Congress points out that, "Provide equal protection to property under All Ownerships so that they can promote each other by equal competitions."	黨的十七大報告指出＂堅持平等保護物權，形成各種所有制經濟平等競爭、相互促進的新格局。
Now it came to pass after the death of Saul, when David was returned from the slaughter of the Amalekites, and David had abode two days in Ziklag;	掃羅死後，大衛擊殺亞瑪力人回來，在洗革拉住了兩天。
"My business is too urgent to waste time on apologies" (John Buchan).	“我的生意特別緊要，不能把時間浪費在道歉上” （約翰·巴肯）。
Science Applications International Corp. will provide a range of technical support services at the San Diego facility of the Navy’s Space and Naval Warfare Systems Center.	科學應用國際公司（SAIC）將爲美國海軍航空和海上作戰系統中心位於聖地亞哥的設施提供一系列技術支持服務。
Based on this, G-5 dynamic system measuring on-line of membrane thickness has been designed successfully .	在此基礎上，又研製成功了G-5型薄膜動態測厚系統。
You should actually do the actions you can do on your own immediately, in less than two minutes, and delegate other feasible items to someone else, if possible.	實際上你應該自己去做那些能在兩分鐘內完成的事情，如果可能的話，把其他可行的事情委派給其他人。
And we have a shared obligation to ensure that the federal courts have enough judges to hear those cases and deliver timely rulings.	我們有一項共同的義務，就是要確保聯邦法庭擁有足夠的法官來審理這些案件並做出及時的判決。
The paper analyzes the design optimization of core box using coated sand in Z8040 hot box core shoot machine to make the cylinder block cores and sprue cores.	分析Z8040射芯機用覆膜砂熱芯盒法制作氣缸體前後端面芯及其澆口砂芯優化設計方案。
And yet attempts to fix this problem and reform this program were thwarted by special interests that fought tooth and nail to preserve their exclusive giveaway.	然而試圖對這些問題的解決和對這項計劃的改進總是被一些想保持他們獨有饋贈的特殊利益集團極力阻撓。
Mr. Chan received the Gold Bauhinia Star from the Hong Kong Government in 2006.	陳氏於2006年獲香港特別行政區政府頒贈金紫荊星章。
Defines the interface implemented by the environment hosting the workflow designer and compiler to provide environment-specific compilation information during the validation and compilation processes.	定義由環境實作的介面，該環境裝載工作流程設計工具和編譯器，以便在驗證和編譯處理程序期間，提供環境特定的編譯資訊。
Use a pen to write your name.	用原子筆寫下你的名字。
The recycle of textbook benefits the nation and the people, which has already pursued in western developed countries such as America and Europe.	教科書重複使用利國利民，在歐美等西方發達國家早已推行。
Tannen (1990: 18) claims "because boys and girls grow up in what are essentially different cultures … talk between women and men is cross-cultural communication".	特妮（1990：18）指出：“男孩和女孩在不同的性別文化中成長……男性與女性間的交際是跨文化交際。”
These efforts are based on the Global strategy for the prevention and control of NCDs and its action plan, which include multisectoral and innovative approaches in prevention and care.	作出這些努力的基礎是預防和控制非傳染性疾病全球戰略及其行動計劃。
'Madame has gone to Paris, ' Nanine answered.	“太太到巴黎去了，”納尼娜回答我說。
With rapid development of foreign trade in China, Chinese corporations inflicted heavy losses on the trade for various kinds of reasons, correlated suits were coming without stop.	隨着中國對外貿易的迅速發展，中國企業遭到了以諸多理由爲基礎的反傾銷措施的“重創”，相關訴訟此伏彼起。
It intends to point out the complexity and compatibility of Wang's concept and its founding role for the Tang-Song school.	王慎中“文以明道”思想的理論內涵，主要強調其本身具有的矛盾性與包容性，及其對唐宋派文學思想的奠基性作用。
Educational charge in universities has become a bottleneck on our way to turning our high education into "public-oriented" and achieving sustainable development.	高校收費的問題已成爲我國高等教育實現“大衆化”以及可持續發展的“瓶頸”。
Take the Blok-Buster game (iTunes URL) for example, a Tetris-inspired game that involves clearing similarly-colored blocks from the screen.	以Blok-Buster 遊戲爲例，這款受俄羅斯方塊啓發製作的遊行在屏幕上含有有類似顏色的方塊。
Mass armies (in most societies) have been replaced by highly trained professional-technical military forces.	數量龐大的軍隊已經被高技術軍隊取代。
The world's first underwater airplane aircraft "Water Wizard ------ Necker" concept map.	世界首架水下飛機“水精靈------內克爾”概念圖。
The Middle Permian Chihsia Formation of South China is featured by nodular chert, which is of implications in the reconstruction of coeval paleogeography and paleoceanography.	燧石結核是華南地區二疊紀棲霞組的重要識別特徵之一，其成因具重要的古地理、古海洋意義。
The example does not identify that the token is a BASE64-encoded X509 certificate.	這個實例沒有識別出令牌符號是以 BASE64 編碼的 X509 證書。
Viola: So, goodness. That was a lot to take in at teatime.	你瞧，天哪。一杯茶時間就發生了那麼多事兒。
Then the author retrospect the history of pesticide in China, studies the characteristic and trend of the highly toxic pesticide, and figures that the safety management is long-standing.	通過回顧我國農藥發展歷史，分析我國高毒農藥的發展特性和趨勢，明確了安全管理的長期性；
We have a very long way to go still in the provision of medicines to those who need them.	在向有需求的人提供藥物方面，我們前面的道路仍然很漫長。
Secondly , put theory to practice. Practice is the sole criterion for testing truth, we can really grasp what we 've learnt and make use of them flexibly through that.	二理論用於實踐當中纔是有用的。實踐是檢驗一切理論的真理，只有這樣才能真正的掌握所學到的東西並能靈活運用。
This kind of thinking mode is determined by the nature of the highest belief of Chinese cultural thoughts, i. e. , non-substantive.	這種思維方式是由中國思想文化最高理念的性質即非實體性所決定的。
Champions of markets are laissez-faire ideologues or slaves of Wall Street.	而崇拜市場的要麼是理想主義者，要麼是華爾街的跑腿。
Brilliant, iconoclastic, and witty, he had won election in traditionally Republican Arizona and had succeeded as an activist, progressive governor.	他才氣橫溢，不迷信傳統觀念，而且機智詼諧，在傳統上共和黨佔優的亞利桑那州贏得了選舉，成爲一位活躍的、極富進取心的州長。
December 2008: Israel launches Operation Cast Lead, a full scale invasion of the Gaza Strip in response to rocket attacks by Palestinian armed groups.	2008年12月：以色列發動了“鑄鉛行動”這是一次對加沙地帶的全面入侵，是對巴勒斯坦武裝組織火箭彈襲擊做出的反應。
Devil follow corpse, cat follow devil.	鬼跟屍跑，貓跟鬼跑。
Our series of products have a clear character and offer endless life space, which contributes to the development in the field of food.	怡華系列產品特點鮮明，帶給您無盡的生活空間，併爲推動食品行業的發展作出努力。
But the beauty, if you must, is state-orchestrated, like East Germany on steroids.	至於審美，都是經過國家精心策劃，就像東德的類固醇（體育）。
All the little children had come up to the landing outside, to look at the phenomenon of Peepy lying on my bed.	所有的小孩都上來了，站要外面的樓梯口上，莫明其妙地望着躺在我牀上的啤。
Ji Chuan led Gu Yinan to greet the guests, Shen Wenjie of Gu man got straight teeth itch, his face a hostile innuendo Gu Yinan said some words, Gu man heart smile on Shen Wenjie.	吉川帶領顧一男與賓客們打招呼，沈文傑對顧一男恨得牙根直癢，他一臉敵意說了一些暗諷顧一男的話語，顧一男心如明鏡笑對沈文傑。
Rivers coursing down from the mountains provide water for agriculture in a region of scanty rainfall.	從這座山上流下來的河流爲這降水量極少的地區提供了農業用的水源。
I think of voyeurism in a much broader context than vicarious sexual satisfaction.	我認爲窺視欲有更爲廣泛的背景，而不僅僅是性的滿足。
David Dimbleby chairs the debate show in Coventry.	主持人大衛先生您的領帶真潮了！
Some analysts believe that in many places fees from land transfers make up more than 30% of local-government revenues.	某些分析人士認爲，在許多地方，土地轉讓費佔了地方政府總收入的30％。
The Bahamas project, the largest property to be built and partly owned by a Chinese company outside of China, underscores the push into overseas markets by Chinese firms.	巴哈馬的這項工程將會是中國公司在海外建造並擁有部分所有權的最大地產項目。 該項目凸顯了中國公司向海外市場進軍的努力。
Feel the body relax, feel the tenseness disappear, but do not fall asleep.	感覺身體放鬆，感覺繃緊消失，但是不要睡着。
Morphine was isolated from opium in 1806, cocaine was first manufactured in 1860, and heroin was discovered in 1874.	1806年，從鴉片中提取出了嗎啡； 1860年才首次製造出可卡因，而海洛因是到1874年才被發現。
It's quite common when you have animals in floods or fires or disasters, they actually get together. But this was amazing. I just couldn't believe it.	格拉赫說：“動物在洪澇、火災或其他災難中互幫互助的現象其實很普遍，但是這一幕實在很神奇，我簡直無法相信。”
Adding some original soup could reduce the content of nitrites of the whole process obviously, while there was no peak of nitrites content.	但加入老湯可更明顯降低整個過程中的亞硝酸鹽含量，且無亞硝酸鹽含量高峯出現。
The fundamental thinking and complete re-design of governmental information process can decide the innovation of government business process, government organization and managing mechanism.	對政務信息流程的根本性再思考和徹底的重新設計決定了對政府工作流程、組織機構、管理體制的改革。
" the ground says foliaceous teacher grinning: "Heard you to call me the teacher eventually!	葉老師笑嘻嘻地說：“終於聽到你叫了我一聲老師！”
Still, even local recognition marks a step forward for China's nascent civil society groups.	儘管如此，局部認可也標誌着中國初生的公民社會組織已經前進了一步。
pre-authorization asks the slightly different question of "if I were to ask if I could do this, what would the answer be?"	而預先授權則詢問一個略爲不同的問題“如果我詢問是否能進行此操作，答案會是什麼？”
The relatively poor outcomes in these two regions can be attributed, in part, to the complications of HIV coinfection and drug resistance, respectively.	造成這兩個區域治療成功率不佳的部分原因分別是艾滋病毒合併感染的併發症和抗藥性。
Conclusion The X-ray film only achieve the preliminary diagnosis on nasal bone fracture, CT is the best imageologic method for the diagnosis of nasal bone fracture, its clinical value is great.	結論鼻骨骨折普通X線檢查只能作爲簡單初步的檢查，CT檢查是鼻骨骨折最佳的影像學檢查方法，爲臨牀提供重要信息。
In total, the attacks claimed 3, 000 victims, and the lives of the 19 hijackers.	這次襲擊總計3000名遇害者，那19名劫機者也喪失了生命。
Called the Abisko Ark Hotel, it's located 250km north of the Arctic Circle, on Sweden's Lake Tornetrask.	這家名爲Abisko Ark 的旅店,坐落在北極圈以北250公里的地方,位於瑞士的Tornetrask湖上.
Russia says that Iran and North Korea do not have missiles capable of striking Europe.	俄羅斯說，伊朗和北韓沒有掌握可以打擊歐洲的導彈。
Because the archive has been created with the same schema as the active data, the same SQL statement from the previous section can be used here to fetch the order amounts.	由於創建歸檔數據的模式與活動數據是相同的，因此上一節中的 SQL 語句也同樣可以用來獲取訂單數量。
X axis and Y axis adopt ball spiral rods with excellent precisions and low friction factors.	軸採用滾珠螺桿傳動精度佳，摩擦係數小。
Ablation experiments indicate that chemoreceptors of the females for host chemicals which affect their oviposition behavior are mainly located on their arolia.	用切除手術實驗證明雌蟲接受寄主影響雌蟲產卵行爲的化學物質的感化器主要分佈在其中墊上。
"Pharmacists may not tell people of these things, and the doctors don't know, " Hendeles says.	「藥劑師可能不會告訴人們這些事情，而且醫生也不知道。」漢德勒斯說。
It turns out Jialing is one of the oldest and largest motorcycle manufacturers in its home country.	嘉陵是中國最古老也是最大的摩托車生產商之一。
旧式的腐败也是个问题，从前文提到的两家IT公司的传奇，就是显而易见的例子。	Old-fashioned corruption is a problem too, as is apparent from the saga of the two IT firms mentioned above.
More than 60 percent of the doctors who answered the survey published in the British Medical Journal said that prescribing a placebo is ethically permissible.	百分之六十以上的回答了發表在英國醫學雜誌上的調查的醫生說開安慰劑在道德上是允許的。
He even carried them in his pockets, and reviewed them at odd moments on the street, or while waiting in butcher shop or grocery to be served.	他甚至把單子塞在口袋裏，上街時也抽空複習，在肉店雜貨店等着買東西時也複習。
The book was out of print, but I eventually ran it to earth at a secondhand bookshop.	那本書已經絕版，但我終於在一家舊書店淘到了它。
Why did you switch between black and white and color in the subway work?	你爲什麼在拍攝地鐵的時候在黑白和彩色之間做了改變呢？
The cat under the table is Tama.	桌子下面的那隻貓叫塔瑪。
This method not only finishs data acquisition agilely and rightly, but also finishs data cleaning in the same.	該方法不僅可靈活、準確地完成數據採集，還同時完成了數據的清理工作。
Zhang Liangying? She's Chinese girl?	張靚穎？她是中國女孩嗎？
That has given the system an unfortunate bias towards liquidation, he fears.	他擔心，那會給這種制度一個不幸的偏好——破產清算。
Conclusion Chinese medicinal granules with Gastrodia, Angelica and Chuanxiong have definite effect on convalescing cerebral infarction. And it can reduce the blood lipid parameters.	結論中藥配方顆粒天麻、當歸、川芎治療恢復期腦梗死療效確切，且能明顯降低血脂指標。
This Mughal city in the north of India is home to the world's greatest architectural monument to love, the Taj Mahal.	這座印度北部的顯要城市坐落着世界上最偉大的愛之建築——泰姬陵。
State, national and international events to salute these legacies began in May 2006 with the sailing of the replica ship Godspeed to major ports along the East Coast of the United States.	複製船「天佑平安號」於二00六年五月航向美國東岸的各大港口，向這些文化遺產致敬的州級、國家級及國際級活動於焉展開。
If you were here, and you go back to infinity, you reach exactly that speed, so if you fall in from infinity that is exactly the speed at which you reach the neutron star.	然後回到無窮大，你達到那個速度，如果你從無窮遠處，以這個速度落到,中子星上,很明顯。
Zhangzhe Group and Zhangzhe Administration were little concerned by the scholars of studying the early Han political history.	長者羣體和長者政治都是當今秦漢史研究界所關注不多的問題。
Users can pay for groceries and other purchases by swiping a phone over a reader that electronically communicates with a microchip on the phone.	通過讀卡器掃描安裝在手機中的迷你芯片，用戶可以完成食品雜貨和其他購物款項的支付。
Chu Zhaohui, a research fellow at the National Institute of Educational Sciences, told the Global Times that the drop is mainly due to the decline in the total number of Chinese high school students.	國家教育科學研究院研究員儲朝暉（音）告訴《環球時報》，說高考考生數量的減少主要是由於在校高中生人數減少引起的。
The results show that the DC partial discharges of the capacitors under normal temperature don't have any apparent development under high temperature.	測量結果表明，電容器在高溫狀態下的直流局部放電量較常溫下沒有顯著增加。
In this article, we'll get your system devfs-ready, and in the next, we will do the actual conversion to devfs.	在本文中，我們將使您的系統爲啓用 devfs 作好準備，在下篇文章中，我們將真正開始向 devfs 的轉換。
Hinrichs is currently chairman and CEO of Ford China and runs Ford's operations in Asia Pacific.	現在，韓是福特汽車中國公司的總裁兼首席執行官，同時還掌管着福特汽車亞太區的運營大權。
She tries to back track, but the President simply walks away.	她試圖重新回到話題，但總統一言不發地走開了。
I want to be sexy, cool, thin, younger… My work is real.	我想成爲性感，冷靜，薄，小…我的工作是真實的。
It adds a new entry to the first line in a file.	它在文件的首行添加一個新條目。
Farmers didn't have to scrambled to plant common vegetables this year.	今年農民不再一窩蜂似的種大路菜了。
So during this summer vacation, she kicked off the Kiss 100 Men in Paris Project, hitting the road with a photographer to record the kisses, the two dailies reported.	於是乎，今年暑假，她展開了“在巴黎吻百個男人”之旅，隨行還有一名攝影師來專門記錄每個“吻”，兩家媒體報道說。
Partial color allows a designer to hone in on a particular part of an image and enhance it with color.	部分着色可以讓設計師用心打磨圖像的特定部分，並用顏色來提升其表現力。
The water ran for hours before the leak was found.	漏洞發現之前，水已流了數小時。
Perhaps a planned experiment at CERN's Large Hadron Collider will find evidence for magnetic monopoles in the collisions of ultra-high-energy protons.	也許歐洲核子研究中心(CERN)的大型強子對撞機的一個既定實驗將在超高能質子碰撞中找到磁單極子存在的證據。
DANIELLE: Just once, can we have a soup that people have heard of? Like, french onion or navy bean.	就一次， 我們能喝點大家都知道的湯嗎? 比如法式洋蔥湯或者菜豆湯?。
After signalized control was introduced in roundabout, the traffic operation has been greatly changed.	環形交叉口引入信號控制後，其交通運行狀況發生了很大改變。
Meanwhile, petrol prices fell by 3.7p perlitre over the year, and diesel prices - at 110.2p per litre - are at theirlowest in close to six years.	同時，汽油價格在過去的一年每升下跌3.7便士，柴油價格每升降至110.2便士，均接近六年來最低值。
B:Here they are, will you weigh all our luggage together?	這些都是，要不要把我的全部行李一起過磅？
On the ground of the foregoing parts, the fourth proposed the constructs how to realize the interaction, share and win-win.	第四部分在前面三部分的基礎上提出了區域大學在教學資源建設中如何實現與地方社會共建、共享和雙贏的具體策略構想。
It is open to discussion that the duty tort liability is defined as a kind of civil liability in the 121st Article of the General Rule of the Civil Law.	筆者認爲《民法通則》第121條將職務侵權責任界定爲一種民事責任是值得商榷的。
Now, I have no one left and still looking for an Asian soulmate who can be inside the Dragon's warmed heart and soul.	現在，我已經沒有人離開，仍然在尋找一個亞洲的知己誰可以在龍的溫暖的心和靈魂。
You only need a simple text editor to modify or remove content from the exported XML document before importing it on the target system.	您只需要一個簡單的文本編輯器，在已導出但還沒有導入目標系統的 XML 文件中修改或刪除內容。
Methods The clinical presentation, X ray specific feature and therapeutic results of juvenile lumbar disc herniation of 12 cases were analysed .	方法1 2例病人的臨牀表現、影象學特徵和治療情況進行總結分析。結果（1 ）少年型腰椎間盤突出者多有明顯外傷史，急性發病。
Among luxury hotels, more Le Meridian guests read reviews prior to their stay (32%) compared to guests of other luxury brands.	在豪華酒店類中，Le Meridian酒店的客人會對評論關注得更多（32%）。
It had been polished for inspection so often that perhaps the buffing had compromised the rivets.	爲了應付領導視察，工作人員頻繁地對它進行拋光，可能正是這一舉動對鉚釘造成了損害。
Based on social-technical system theory, enterprise production system can be modeled as a multi-layer hierarchical control system, which may show different safety statuses.	根據社會-技術系統理論，企業的生產系統可看作是一個多層遞階控制系統，該系統可能呈現不同的安全狀態；
Rather he'll say, "It's for the child's own good.	而是說，“這都是爲了孩子好。
What you need is a good-sized canvas bag.	你需要的是一個比較大的帆布袋。
Aboard HMS Beagle, he called in at Ascension. En route from another remote volcanic island, St Helena, Darwin wasn't expecting much.	達爾文乘坐小獵犬號勘察船，在去另一個遙遠的火山島-聖赫勒拿島途中造訪了阿森松島，當時並沒有多大期望能發現什麼。
Therefore, fallopian tube and ovary hair inflammation is called annex inflammation.	因此，輸卵管與卵巢發了炎就叫做 附件炎。
What emerges is a fascinating portrait of gingerdom.	（從短片中）漸漸浮現的是一幅赤發者的美妙肖像。
Love is stronger than hatred. Good conquers evil.	愛比恨更堅強。 邪不勝正。
By using his theory of narrative drama, Brecht was unequivocally opposed to the traditional tragedy of the purification and resonance of thought, but not opposed to the tragic of drama.	布萊希特運用他的敘事戲劇理論旗幟鮮明地反對傳統悲劇中的淨化與共鳴思想，但並不反對戲劇的悲劇性。
The paper particularly describes the method of diagnose uroflowmetry graph based on the self-adapted template with the form of decision tree.	文中詳細論述了一種以自適應模板爲基礎，以決策樹爲形式，對尿流率進行分類診斷的自動分析方法。
Thee philosopher loves to write well-defined, well-structured, beautiful code.	哲學家喜歡編寫定義良好、結構良好的漂亮代碼。
Information query module, statistical analysis module, price forecast module, volume-price decision module and system management module are included in design of functions.	功能的設計主要包括信息查詢、統計分析、價格預測、量價決策和系統管理模塊。
A well composite mountain view, the middle HC looks like a white river running down.	複合井山認爲，中慧聰看起來像一個白色的河流下運行。
One day as she was walking home from school she past a pasture from where she heard a horse neighing .	一天在她從學校回家的路上經過一塊牧場時，她聽到了馬的嘶叫聲。
Rod Curtis at the World Health Organization in Geneva says the new bivalent vaccine solves the problem.	日內瓦世衛組織的羅德•科第斯表示這種新的二價疫苗解決了這個問題。
You, my little cowboy friend, are go a make me big buck-buck-bucks.	你，我的牛仔小朋友，伱一定會讓我忘了是怎麼開始賺到大錢的！
Technically he is very good - but as well he is very versatile and quick on the turn which is a great quality for a centre-back.	他的技術非常好，但是他同樣有很好的多面性，快速回追對於一箇中後衛來說是一個很好的實力。
Cleaning To clean your plunger simply remove the centre shaft, rinse out the remaining tea or coffee, and hand wash in warm soapy water.	洗濯 清算您的柱塞只要移除中間軸，沖刷出殘剩的茶或者咖啡，洗手在溫暖的番筧水。
Unlike early lunar mission, Clementine didn't orbit only around the moon equator, it orbits enable send back data to create this topographical maps.	和早期的探月計劃不同，克萊門丁號不僅繞月球軌道旋轉，他還把數據送了回來並繪製月球的地形圖。
In software development, there are very few absolutes; every application is unique.	在軟件開發中，幾乎沒有絕對的東西；每個應用程序都是唯一的。
I shall have a pretty story to tell tonight: and so you've found me out.	今天晚上我可有個好聽的故事給你講哩——你到底找到我啦。
The reaction process of decomposing H2S into hydrogen and sulfur through microwave action with the ferrous sulfide as catalyst is studied.	研究了在微波作用下，以硫化亞鐵爲催化劑，將H2S分解爲氫氣和硫磺的反應。
You approach the burnished bronze front doors of Gringotts up steps of white marble.	你從白色大理石的臺階走上去，走向古靈閣亮閃閃的青銅大門。
According to a Cornell University study, even low-level noise in open-style offices can result in higher levels of stress and lower task motivation.	據康奈爾大學研究表明，在開放式的辦公室中即使是非常低的噪音也使得員工們的工作壓力變大，完成工作的動機降低。
The won't build one gateway, then wait for you to collect enough minerals, and then build another one.	他不會造一個異界門然後等着你採集足夠的水晶再造另外一個。
Updating image-based provisioned clients.	更新基於映像部署的客戶機。
For today"s China and the world drug, drug control work slightly to do our bit, it is edited and published the force of the Chinese drug investigation "the original intention.	能爲當今中國乃至世界的戒毒、禁毒工作略盡微薄之力，正是編輯出版這部《中國吸毒考察》的初衷。
They can last 10-20 years, and use even less electricity than CFLs.	它們可以持續10-20年，並使用更少的電力比熒光燈。
When fusing several outputs of similar sensors, we often use the weighted mean method. The weight has great influence on the fusing result.	對多個同類傳感器的輸出數據進行融合時多采用加權平均法，權的分配對融合效果的影響十分明顯。
Poetry prophecy is an exotic flower in remote mountains which is in full bloom in our Chinese classics hundred-flower garden.	詩讖是盛開在中國古典文學百花園裏的一株深山奇葩。
Obey "customers highest , sincere message of company is protected mutually , fervent thoughtful " belief, serve every place customers carefully.	公司秉承“顧客至上，誠信互庇，熱情周到”的信念，認真服務每一位客戶。
Sola was standing nearby. She was armed and prepared to fight. The princess was lying next to her feet.	蘇拉在不遠處站着。她伸出胳膊準備戰鬥。公主正躺在她的腳下。
Inspecting whether the brackets and cradles for the air duct and condensate pipes are reliable.	檢查風管及冷凝水管固定支架、吊架是否牢固。
Jane Zhang did a cover of this song during her performance at Super Girl.	張靚穎在超級女聲的比賽中表演過這首歌。
The MSCI Asia-Pacific Index slipped 0.3 percent today even as Japanese exporters rallied after the nation’s Finance Minister Yoshihiko Noda said that he would act to lower the yen.	摩根斯坦利亞太指數當日下跌0.3%，日本出口企業個股上漲，此前日本財政大臣野田佳彥宣佈將將干預貨幣市場，降低日元匯率。
The results show that the plateau climatic region is the one with highest cumuliform cloud amount with low values of liquid water path.	西北地區大多數云云量的高值區出現在天山山區、北疆地區、陝西東南部和青藏高原的部分地區。
The solid walls of this table (brown lines in drawing below) were made from 1/2-inch plywood. The transparent walls (the gray lines in the drawing) were made with 1/4-inch plexiglass.	龜臺的不透明外牆（下圖棕色線條）爲1/2英寸合板，透明外牆（下圖灰線部分）爲1/4英寸有機玻璃。
The men with a genetic tendency toward lower BDNF levels seemed to lose their ability to perform complicated tasks at almost double the rate of the men without the variation.	基因遺傳變異易含有較低的BDNF水平，也容易比沒有遺傳變異的人多了達兩倍的機會喪失操作複雜任務的能力。
Reagan's screening of "WarGames" brought Mr. Ware's concerns into high policy-making circles for the first time.	里根對《戰爭遊戲》的關注令威爾的憂慮得以第一次進入最高決策圈。
Do not lift the fingers between palpations, instead glide them from one spot to the next.	從一處時不要提起指頭， 而是滑過去。
The armies that they were opposing, the French armies, were largely staffed by peasants from conservative areas, or from National Guards brought in from towns like Vannes, And, so, the commune--it's somewhat semi-proletarian, they're mostly working people.	他們所對抗的軍隊,也就是法國的軍隊,大部分是由保守郊區的農民,或是從諸如瓦納,埃夫勒,所以,這些公社,有點半無產階級的感覺,大部分都是有工作的人們
The concentration of GLU decreased after small dosage neutron irradiation.	小劑量的中子輻射引起GLU下降；
Deductive Object Model with Semi-structured Features(DOMSF) as the unified data model for WI system.	演繹的帶有半結構化特徵的對象數據模型DOMSF，作爲WI系統的統一數據模型。
Saturday: Water bearers elucidates and highlights the strongest signs of luck during the dates of 1st, 8th, 15th and 22nd hours past sunrise.	星期六：水瓶座在日出過後的第1,8,15,22個小時，運勢將達到最強。
The main objective of the present work is to study the effect of free surface heat transfer on the thermocapillary flow of high Prandtl number fluids.	本文利用數值方法探討往復振盪圓柱對渠道內加熱塊之暫態流場結構及熱傳特性的影響。
The new device uses a rotary mechanism similar to ball joint to eliminate the unscrewing torque caused by the reciprocating motion of the rod string.	這種裝置採用類似球形關節的旋轉機構，消除了抽油杆柱上下往復運動產生的倒扣扭矩；
First Tom, Dick and Mary refused to help me; then my best friend, Joe, also refused, and that was the last straw.	起初湯姆、狄克和瑪麗不願意幫助我，後來我的最好的朋友喬也拒絕了我，這簡直使我無法忍受。
It's a long story, when you heard it, you would cry. Could you hand me the medicine box please?	這是一個很長的故事，當你聽到它的時候，你會哭的。把藥箱遞給我好嗎？
The western-styled home, decorated with rosewood furniture, imported couches was favoured by most of them.	紅木傢俱配西洋沙發，電話收音機各種新的東西總是最先出現在這個城市。
Third impression is the emptiness, because only light space surround the visitor in Tadao Ando 's building.	再次是他的空間，因爲只有光與空間包圍着安藤建築的訪客。
"Family" think fruit weight rich in vitamin, almost do not contain fat and protein, energy is low, and therefore can be unstinting safe to eat, actually this is an error.	“減肥族”認爲水果富含維生素，幾乎不含脂肪和蛋白質，能量很低，因而可以無節制地放心食用，其實這是一個誤區。”
Some years ago, a good family moved into the third floor apartment of the tenement where we lived in the Bronx.	多年前，我們住在布朗克斯時，三樓搬來一家新租戶。
but in terms of Ivy League schools, I'd say, I'd say it's a... from what I know at least,	就常春藤聯盟的學校而言，我只能說，就我所知，
Further surveys are planned by the team, which estimates that at least 1, 600 new zooplankton species will be discovered worldwide by 2010.	調查小組已經計劃好了以後更深入的調查，到2010年他們預計將在全世界範圍內發現至少1，600種新的浮游動物。
Reductions in staffing at the major banks.	在裁減人員時的主要銀行。
In order to simultaneously improve the damping performances of the local and inter-area modes, the dual-band power system stabilizer (DBPSS) is designed.	爲了同時提高本地振盪模式和區域振盪模式的阻尼特性，設計了一種雙頻段結構的電力系統穩定器。
As archaic Athens, the origin of Xia dynasty is one of the most pure and typical forms.	同古雅典國家的起源一樣，夏王國的起源也是國家起源的另一種最純粹、最典型的形式。
Intelectual protection:The torch is installed protective apparatus to reliably protect battery and prolong torch; s service life;	智能保護： 電筒內配置有過放、過充及短路保護電路，可靠的保護電池，延長電筒使用壽命；
they all cried. "Can a little bee get three goats out of a turnip field?"	他們哭道：“一隻小小的蜜蜂能把三隻山羊弄出蘿蔔地？”
RS_Halion_Phase2. wav - You will find only suffering within the realm of Twilight.	在暮光的勢力範圍，你得到的只有痛苦。
Google can shut down its phone manufacturing operations, or sell it off.	谷歌可以關停手機生產部門，或是再次將其出售。
The cities of Germany are completely independent, they con- trol little surrounding territory, they obey the emperor when they please, and they fear neither him nor any other nearby power.	日耳曼的城市是完全自力更生的，他們幾乎不控制周遭的土地，他們高興的時候就服從皇帝，他們既不害怕他也不害怕周遭的勢力。
Mosaic: Surface decoration of small coloured components-such as stone, glass, tile, or shell-closely set into an adhesive ground.	馬賽克：用各種顏色的小塊材料如石塊、玻璃、瓷片、貝殼等緊密地拼集成各種圖案的裝飾工藝。
AIG has removed the words "American International Group" from its office skyscraper in Manhattan.	AIG已經從他在曼哈頓的摩天大樓上摘去了美國國際集團的銘牌。
Fed Governor Daniel Tarullo will speak on financial regulation on Monday. He will be followed by five regional Fed bank presidents throughout the week.	聯儲理事塔魯洛週一將就金融監管講話.此後將有五位地區聯儲銀行總裁發表看法.他們均可能就經濟問題答問.
Women today are on average nearly eight years older than their mothers were when they married for the first time.	平均而言，當今女性頭婚時年紀幾乎比她們母親頭婚的年紀大了8歲。
The annual Heze peony to spend for the" medium", make the world of friends, has formed a new bright spot in Heze.	每年的菏澤牡丹花會以花爲“媒”，廣交天下之友，已形成菏澤新亮點。
The Standard and Poor’s rating agency has placed Japan on the same risk level as China, reducing its credit rating one notch to AA-.	標準普爾評級公司將日本的評級調降到AA-，和中國處於同一風險水平。
MGM has now been taken over by new owners, however, and its money troubles appear to be a thing of the past.	然而現在梅高公司已經易手，財務問題似乎也成爲過去式了。
We can, however, do this by prefacing the variable with the & operator, which is used in function definitions to indicate passing by reference.	但是，我們可以通過在變量前放置 & 運算符來完成此操作，這種方法在函數定義中用於表示按引用傳遞。
A senior police official in Bilaspur, Bimal Gupta, says bad weather worsened the situation.	斯 布爾區的高級警官古普塔說，惡劣的天氣使情況更加糟糕。
E. g. "Our aim was to establish the relationship between aortic stiffness and stroke death in hypertensive patients".	例子：我們的目標是證明主動脈硬化和中風死亡在高血壓患者中存在聯繫。
In any real OLTP database, implementing this change can be a problem.	在任何真實的 OLTP 數據庫中，實現此更改可能是一個問題。
Today Kara ok the software - k song software website combines brand-new deductive for everybody recommendation phoenix legend the song "Is Love".	今天卡拉ok軟件— k歌軟件網站爲大家推薦鳳凰傳奇組合全新演繹的歌曲《全是愛》。
Application: it is a systemic insecticide, with both contact and stomach action against sucking mouthparts pests such as plant hoppers, aphids, leafhoppers, thrips whitefly, ect.	用途：主要用於防治水稻、小麥、棉花等作物上的刺吸式口器害蟲，如蚜蟲、葉蟬、薊馬、白粉蝨及馬鈴薯甲蟲和麥稈蠅等。
Don't increase your overall weekly mileage by more than 10 percent per week.	別急着把你的周英里數增長百分比提高到比10%還多。
Elisa a Allen, working in her flower garden, looked down across the yard and saw Henry, her husband, talking to two men in business suits.	伊利莎•埃倫正在花園裏幹活兒，穿過院子朝遠處望時，她看見丈夫亨利正在與兩個身着工作服的人交談。
Shanghai people have deep currents of tolerance consistently, but "local original" shrinking rapidly building, always people feel lost.	上海人一貫有海納百川的氣度，但“本地原創”建築的急速萎縮，總是讓人倍感失落。
All photos dials.	所有照片刻盤。
To help get the party started if you have 10 or more guests you will receive a complimentary bottle of Prosecco Fantinel!	爲幫助派對的開始，如果您有10位或以上的客人，您會相輔相成的收到一瓶張裕大香檳。
Breakfast in China – a lot like lunch and dinner in China.	中國早餐---像極了中國的午餐和晚餐的感覺。
As the most common style of the daily life of a nation, folklore contains the traditional culture in-depth, and possesses incomparably rich historical content and implication.	民俗作爲一個民族最司空見慣的日常生活樣式，蘊藏着民族傳統文化的深層積澱，具有無比豐富的歷史內容與生命內涵。
It's part of the job description. - …	這只是工作的一部分。
Sales department call product such as receipted villas, product such as such as cloud, unclear sank five miles why this is so.	售樓處打電話通知品如簽收別墅，品如如墜五里雲霧，不分明爲什麼會這樣。
Any reason for grief was postponed until the following day, or maybe just a tad later, because this title deserved an unashamed bellyful of joy.	任何讓人悲傷的理由都應被推遲到明天，或者更遠一點。因爲人們應該盡情的慶祝冠軍頭銜並且充分享受歡樂。
But the bride still does not have the past to the excitement of newly-married, cry greatly: " convict escaped again " .	可是新娘對新婚的興奮仍然沒有過去，大喊：“囚犯又逃跑了”。
The line was going out fast but steadily and the fish was not panicked.	釣索朝水中溜得既快又穩，闡明這魚並不受驚。
Such rewards act as incentives for finishing a task, as well as helping us to maintain momentum.	這種勞逸結合的方式能讓人精神煥發，也能更好地激勵我們做好自己的工作。
Christian Huygens, Dutch scientist and astronomer, was born at The Hague, the son of a poet.	荷蘭科學家、天文學家克里斯蒂安·惠更斯生於海牙的一個詩人家庭。
When he arrived at the brigade, he was a guest at the wedding of one of the old woman's grandsons, and later he saw this white - haired crone coddling a plump baby great-grandson .	他插隊落戶時參加了老母親的一個孫子的婚禮，後來他又看着那白髮蒼蒼的老人抱着孫子的胖嬰兒。
Han Qiwei; He Mingmin; Wang Chonghao(China Institute of Water Conservancy and Hydroelectric Power Research; Beijing 100044);	中國水利水電科學研究院；
This is a big day for the people of Burkina Faso, to be followed by Mali and Niger. These are the three hyperendemic countries.	最後，今天對布基納法索人民來說是一個重要的日子，隨後將在同屬高流行國的馬裏和尼日爾推出疫苗。
The differenceses of non - additive effects on PH1L, cooking holding percentage and drip loss reached extremely significant level(P<0. 01 ).	熟肉率和貯存損失的非加性效應達極顯著水平（P＜0．01）；
This week Pat writes his column fresh from meeting a man who Chelsea may yet encounter in all three competitions we are currently contesting.	帕特這周的專欄文章，是在剛剛採訪了某位大人物之後新鮮出爐的。而這位“人物”，在我們目前競逐的所有三項賽事中都會與藍軍一爭高下。
There aring a lot of secrets in the man heart can't say literally that let wife listen to.	男人心中有好多祕密不能隨便說給妻子聽。
Each of these has its own special glass, selected carefully so that the shape brings out the best in taste and aromas .	每一種啤酒都有精心挑選的專屬杯子，如此一來，杯子形狀才能將啤酒的口感與風味發揮到淋漓盡致。
Objective To evaluate the techniques and application of 64-slice helical CT colonography in colonic lesions.	目的評價64層螺旋CT結腸成像技術對結腸病變的診斷價值。
Entrances to the stations will be raised to around 15 feet above sea level. And giant floodgates will automatically close in emergencies.	車站的入口將被提升到高於海平面15 英尺的地方。而巨大的防洪閘將在緊急情況下自動關閉。
Chinese consumers are ready to buy millions of our new Bass-o-matics!	中國消費者已準備好大量購買我們新出的攪拌機（Bass-o-matics）了！
In some ways my proposal is simply based on the original B2B process definition model of OASIS ebXML Business Process but applied at the resource level, not just at the business partner level.	在某些方面，我的提議完全是基於OASIS ebXML Business Process最初的B2B過程定義，但是應用在了資源級別，而不僅僅是業務夥伴級別。
Stained glass window panels;	彩色玻璃窗板；
In many international business negotiations abroad， Americans are perceived as wealthy and impersonal.	在國外的國際商務談判中，美國人被視爲富有和不帶個人情感。
There were also numerous dispensaries, restaurants, studios, clinics, goldsmith, embroidery shops and department stores.	這裏還有不少藥房、西餐廳、攝影店、醫務所、金鋪、顧繡店和百貨公司。
As long as you can endure the darkest moments of the night, the sun will rise along with glorious clouds in the morning to meet you when you run towards the eastern horizon.	只要你能忍受黎明前那最黑暗的一刻，太陽一定會帶着滿天燦爛的朝霞爲向着東方奔跑的你升起。
If you don't know who is responsible for an action, passive voice can be the best choice.	如果你不知道誰做了某個動作，那使用被動語態會是最好的選擇。
The Arabesque is synonymous to majestic strokes that have to be delicately adapted to the desired corporate image.	阿拉伯風是輝煌壯麗的代名詞，它必須被小心地運用在令人期待的公司形象上。
Results 54.0% OD group had induced incident compare with 22.2% CA group;	結果普通醉酒組54.0%的案前有誘發事件，慢性酒精中毒組案前有誘發事件的爲22.2%；
Mr He tells the woman to travel to Xuzhou city, Jiangsu province, where somebody will be waiting when her train pulls into the station.	何先生示意該女子乘火車前往江蘇徐州市，到站後會有人接她。
Under the 10-year deal, which was announced in July, Yahoo.com and Bing.com will maintain their own branding but search results on Yahoo.com will say "powered by Bing."	根據去年7月所達成的爲期10年交易協議,雅虎和必應將分別獨立運營各自的品牌，但是在雅虎上的搜素結果將顯示“由必應提供技術支持”。
Methods:30 patients enrolled for orthoptic cardiac surgery were divided into cardiac arrest group and beating heart group.	方法：30例心內直視術病人隨機平均分爲心臟停跳和不停跳兩組。
The result of knowing perfectly welling the way is what appearance, the audibility agreeable son says so, rich brocade still not from must interrupt to ask a way:"Did you appeal for euthanasia?"	明知道結果是什麼樣子，可聽順子這麼說，錦繡還是不由得插嘴問道：“你求饒了？”
Discuss the methods of investment sharing in IWT projects, research the water price problems in IWT.	探討了跨流域調水工程投資分攤方法，對跨流域調水水價問題進行了研究。
Zhicheng Hotel Supplies Firm is located in No. H43-45, Shaxi International Hotel Articles City, Guangzhou. Mainly deals in all kinds of hotel supplies.	志城酒店用品商行位於廣州沙溪國際酒店用品城H43-45檔，主要經營各種酒店用品。
A friend in need is a friend indeed. China and South Africa are good friends enjoying mutual trust and good partners having sincere cooperation.	患難見真情，中南既是相互信任的好朋友，也是真誠合作的好夥伴，兩國關係有着堅實的基礎。
It can avoid the oscillation of Lagrange interpolation by using barycentric interpolation formulations and second kind of Chebyshev points as interpolating points.	重心插值公式具有計算量小、數值計算穩定性好和增加新的插值節點不需重新計算原有插值節點基函數的優點。
As a man cannot be known by his looks, neither can the sea be fathomed by a gourd.	海水是不可以用鬥去量的。比喻不可根據某人的現狀就低估他的未來。
It was certainly a smaller room than those up stairs, but I was more comfortable, for I was not being continually taken hold of and pulled about by the children as I had been.	當然，新屋子要比樓上的小很多，可我覺得很舒心，因爲我不會再時不時地被抓過去或被孩子們拽來拽去啦。
Usiminas, the second-largest steelmaker, may report one of the "weakest" first-quarter operating results in the company's history amid slumping sales and lower steel prices, Banco Santander SA said.	巴西第二大鋼鐵公司，可能會公佈有史以來最差的第一季獲利，因營收下滑以及低鋼價。
By comparison, my N900 is 267 pixels per inch -- granted with only 800 x 400 display.	iPad是每英寸132個像素，對比之下，我的N900是每英寸267個像素，在一個800x400的屏幕之下。
Even in our misfortune I still had no doubts that they'd finish at worst seventh or eighth or even higher in the Premier League - that prediction I made for myself is coming true.	就算在我們困難的時期，我也一直相信最終他們的聯賽排名最差也能在第七第八名，或者更高。我的預言實現了。（樓主吐槽無能ING。）
By hauling one another into court the Corinthians were intent on winning damages for themselves.	訴訟也只有勝與敗，藉著把別人拉到法庭來爲自己嬴取賠償。
I'm using the term mythology now the way we used it in the last lecture when we were talking about Kaufman's work.	我這裏說的神話與上一節課中所指是同一個意思,就在我們討論Kaufman的作品時。
In this article, the development inside and abroad, the process technology and the package about fruit water are discussed.	介紹了果味水的國內外發展情況及生產工藝條件和包裝形式。
This software develops four types of the representative typical package machine to be demonstrated.	開發了四種具有先進代表性的典型包裝機械可演示的圖形。
XP is a development process; UML is a design notation.	XP是一個開發的過程; UML是一種設計符號。
The first half was difficult. Osasuna were organised and defended well, using their two fast strikers to make things difficult for us.	今天的上半場有些艱難，奧薩蘇納組織井然有序，防守也很好，他們的兩個速度很快的前鋒給我們製造了很多麻煩。
Figure 2 summarizes these write performance impairments across all file systems.	圖 2 總結了所有文件系統的這些寫性能損失。
In the Lei Yu teleplay, there are many change by collision, fusion and conformance in the"the fusion of horizons"process of Cao Yu's"former horizon" and Li Shao Hong's"current horizon".	電視劇《雷雨》中折射出曹禺先生的“原初視界”與李少紅的“現今視界”在“視界融合”過程中發生的碰撞、融合、順化的種種斑斕的變化。
Plagioclase protrudes toward the center area of ringed mountains, this feature weaken as the size of ringed mountains increase.	斜巖露頭朝向環形山系中心區，呈對稱性分佈。該特徵隨環形山系規模增大而減弱；
Thee sight of these pictures made me remember my own childhood.	看到這幅畫讓我想到了我的童年時代。
He gets involved more, he makes more penetrating passes and his all round contribution is better.	他更多地參與比賽，他提供更多的穿透性傳球，他整體表現更佳。
If you want to suggest something, you can say I’ve got a suggestion / I’ve got a suggestion.	如果你想建議做某事，你可以說I’ve got a suggestion /我有一個提議。 你還可以這樣提出建議Why not .
Lemons contain pectin fiber, which assists in fighting hunger cravings.	檸檬富含果膠纖維，它又可以抵抗飢餓。
The next JSTL library we'll discuss is the fmt library.	我們接下來將討論的 JSTL 庫是 fmt 庫。
Now, company spokesman Ron Reese said the company expects to open the casino floor, about one-third of the project's 2, 500 hotel rooms, 10% of its shops and half its restaurants.	現在公司發言人唐·里斯稱公司將會開放賭場，濱海灣項目2 500間酒店房間的三分之一，10%的商鋪和半數的餐館。
And the activity of those phytoplankton and autotroph can even change the direction of DINS fluxes.	浮游植物的活動甚至有可能改變無機氮在沉積物水界面的擴散方向。
A new method for the preparation of highly potent crude human chorionic gonadotropin of pregnancy urine is reported.	本文報道由孕婦尿中提取高效價人絨毛膜促性腺激素粗品的新方法。
The Bible says it like this, “Seek first his kingdom and his righteousness, and all these things will be given to you as well” (Matthew 6:33 NIV).	聖經上這樣說， “你們要先求他的國和他的義，這些東西都要加給你們了。
After the match Huang had said he could not remember what he had said in the heat of the moment and his preference for Italy was because he had commentated on Serie A for many years.	比賽之後，黃健翔說記不起當時激動時說了一些什麼話，而對於意大利隊的偏愛，是由於這麼多年他一直解說意甲聯賽的緣故。
Zhang: Each September when the autumn wind arrives, the ripe crops appear golden in the fields bathed in the sunlight.	張：每當秋風掠過的九月，田野裏豐收的莊稼，就被陽光塗染的金光燦燦。
Finance Chief Tim Morse said that Yahoo's operating profit margin between 2011 and 2013 would range between 18 percent and 24 percent.	財務長Tim Morse表示,2011-13年間雅虎營業利潤率可望介於18-24%之間.
Amoeba was a distributed operating system.	Amoeba 是一個分佈式操作系統。
One-quarter of those who believed the vaccine-autism theory said they knew at least one family that had not fully vaccinated their children.	1/4的堅信“疫苗自閉症理論”的人表示認識至少一個家庭沒有讓其孩子完全接種疫苗。
But simple substitution cyphers can be fun to play with, especially in an RPG context by handing someone an encoded message that they can work out during game play.	但是簡單的置換密碼玩起來很有趣，尤其是在 RPG 環境中給某個人傳遞一條可以在玩遊戲的過程中破解出來的編碼信息。
Liquefied petroleum gas(LPG) is a kind of hydrocarbon compound with high heat value, can be used for power generation.	液化石油氣是一種具有高熱值的碳氫化合物的混合物，可以用來發電。
I’ll get your bags, “Edward said with a fake smile. Together they headed for the buggy.	愛德華說:"我來拿你的揹包" 臉上掠過一個無奈的假笑 然後兩個人一同走向馬車哪裏.
Liu Hulan (1932–1947)	劉胡蘭（1932—1947）
Suffice it to say that the following responses of some umbelliferous plants have been observed .	下面僅就已觀察到的幾種傘形科植物的反應予以說明。
This class will be over in a moment, now let's take a nap(break , catnap).	本課時快要竣事，各人可以休息一會兒。
Prices are differents depend on the type.	價格根據型號有所不同。
It increase skin elasticity , increases cell regeneration, replenish skin nutrients and moisture.	增加皮膚彈性、增加細胞再生力、補充營養及水份。
Shredded pork with chilli sauce" and " peppery hot bean curd" etc.	四川菜的特點是麻、辣、酸。最有名的菜有“魚香肉絲”、“麻婆豆腐”等。
What is it the boy's father did, Petunia?	這孩子的父親幹什麼的皮圖尼婭?。
By way of analyzing the present situation of packaging design for tourist souvenir of the Wudang Mountain, the insufficiency exists in the souvenir packaging design was put forward.	通過對武當山旅遊紀念品包裝設計現狀分析，得出現有紀念品包裝設計中存在的不足。
Also for recent global climate change, environmental pollution,  deforestation and soil  erosion, the locals even can't get enough water for survival in the dry season.	同樣也無法應對最近全球的氣候變化，環境污染，過度砍伐，水土流失，當地人在乾旱時期甚至得不到足夠水來維持正常生活。
The paper describes the main types and structural features of reduplication pattern of Xiangfan dialect in Xiangyu cluster of western Mandarin.	本文描寫了襄樊方言重疊式的主要類型及其結構特點，對重疊式的形式標記“兒”、“子”等的色彩意義進行了一些新的探討。
London developed as a gold centre in the second half of the 19th Century, when it became the point through which gold from the mines of California, South Africa and Australia was refined and sold.	倫敦19世紀上半葉成爲黃金交易中心。 加州、南非和澳大利亞金礦出產的黃金都集中在這裏提煉及銷售。
S. from Vietnam 19 years ago. She works on her uncle's shrimping boat, supporting her children and her mother.	她的作品在她叔叔的捕蝦船，支持她的孩子和她的母親。
Using duck hepatitis B virus (DHBV) in association with endotoxin, a model of acute liver necrosis in ducks was established, The effects of hepatic growth factor(HGF) on the model was studied.	本文應用促肝細胞生長素治療在大腸桿菌內毒素誘導下，由DHBV誘發的鴨急性肝壞死。
If you are a member of Tacoma Territory you can still import the original complete kit direct from Alpine.	如果你是一名塔科馬的成員領土你仍然能從直接進口這套原先的完整的工具高山。
Objective:To explore the correlation between mental health level and coping styles in normal school students.	目的：探討中師生心理健康水平與應付行爲的關係。
Melva kisses another guy in front of her boyfriend justifying it to herself as an eye for an eye.	梅爾瓦在男友面前親吻另一個男孩，自以爲報復。
It's a neat accounting trick: if you sell a software package for $100, Wall Street will value that at $100.	這可是個聰明帳：如果你的升級包賣100美元，華爾街就認爲它值100美元。
Along with the change of rainfall, soil erosion quantity in forest land is about 3~5 times than in …	無林地土壤侵蝕量隨降雨量的不同約是有林地的 3～ 5倍 ，有林地年度總侵蝕量較無林地減少 5倍以上。
His voice still stood with courage.	他的語音依然是那麼勇敢堅定。
He clipped an electronic pulse reader tohis finger.	他把電子脈搏計夾到手指上。
My favorite converter by far is Stewart Brand; the greenest man of the nineteen-sixties, Brand started the Whole Earth Catalog and has been a voice of reason and restraint for nearly fifty years.	我最欣賞的核能倡導者是Stewart Brand；他是上世紀60年代最環保的人，他從寫作《整個地球的目錄》開始，已經堅持這種聲音近50年了。
The scope attribute controls the scoping of this variable, and defaults to page scope.	scope 屬性控制該變量的作用域，缺省情況下是頁面作用域。
Italy's finance minister believes that there is a "magnum of speculative champagne" included in the price of each barrel.	意大利的財政部長相信，“投機的大酒瓶”把每桶石油升高的價格都裝進去了。
In this paper, Mostly introduce to desulfurize method of sulphate form, pass in reverse floatation May hold sulfur of iron concentrate drop to 0.13%, sulfur get ride of ratio became 93.43%.	本文主要介紹了硫酸鹽形態硫的選礦脫除方法，通過反浮選可以把鐵精礦的硫含量降到0.13%，硫的脫除率爲93.43%。
“Resolvin D2 is an excellent prototype for a new anti-inflammatory drug,” says pharmacologist Mauro Perretti of Queen Mary University of London, one of the study’s authors.	“Resolvin D2爲新型消炎藥提供了一個優秀的藍本，”倫敦大學瑪麗皇后學院的藥理學家Mauro Perretti表示，他也是這項研究的參與者之一。
Majestic chest, slim waist, power arms, and beautiful neck show the states of positive male and feminine beauty.	雄偉的胸肌，纖巧的腰肢，力量的雙臂，秀美的頸項，盡顯男態剛陽，女體陰柔之美。
And if the citizens again feel free, the repressive government will have no reason to exist, and we can refashion a more just society.	當人民重獲自由時，這個殘暴的政府就沒有存在的必要了，那時我們就可以組建一個更加公平的社會。
Lets go to the cinema together, and Ill call for you.	咱們一起去看電影吧，到時候我來叫你。
Moreover, three-phase four-wire active filters can suppress zero line current, and solve symmetric problem of system effectively.	另外，三相四線制有源電力濾波器能有效地抑制零線電流，並能有效地解決系統的不對稱問題。
The academy recommends that children spend no more than two hours a day with all screen media, on average. That means TV, video games, computer, and iPhone.	該學會建議孩子平均每天不要超過兩小時花在所有屏幕媒體上，包括電視、電玩、電腦和iPhone.
So if you’re determined to use your compact digicam for flash photography, you might consider the Metz Mecablitz 28 CS-2 external digital flash.	但是如果你想要使用緊湊型數碼相機來進行閃光燈攝影的話，那就需要使用Metz Mecablitz 28 CS-2外部數碼閃光燈。
Laurier : I never forgot her cry.	我沒法忘記她的哭聲。
Star Wars are closely linked to conventional ground-combat.	星球大戰與地面常規作戰之間有着密切的聯繫。
They're weighed and fed automatically into mixers.	用料稱好重量之後，被自動送入攪拌機中。
The water-borne anticorrosion coatings with both the advantages of acrylic resin coatings and epoxy resin coatings are got.	配製出兼具丙烯酸樹脂塗料和環氧樹脂塗料優點的水性防腐塗料。
But I don't live with her, and so I battle the guilt over what I have sometimes seen as an abandonment of my parental responsibilities.	然而，由於沒有和她住一起，有時候我會認爲自己在逃避父親的責任，所以內心不斷地跟這種負罪感作鬥爭。
KDE applications are generally scriptable in various languages, but that is a different topic.	KDE 應用程序通常 可用不同的語言描述，但這是另一個話題。
Morever, the author comes to conclusion that the two intergrowth aesthetic characteristics mentioned above are universal in accompaniment artistry of traditional Chinese Opera.	進而推繹出：京胡伴奏藝術中“主奏性”與“程式性”這一對共生的審美特性，在傳統戲曲伴奏藝術中具有普遍的意義。
Ltd l establish in 2004 and mainly be engaged in garment exporting .	青島光永服飾有限公司成立於2004年，主要從事服裝出口業務。
Instead, Dubai has financed its economic diversification with international borrowing by the government and by government-controlled corporations.	相反，迪拜是通過政府及政府掌控的企業在國際上大量借貸來爲其經濟多元化提供資金的。
An Irish breakfast – you've had English and Scottish now it's time to learn the Irish USP. That would be white pudding and soda bread.	愛爾蘭早餐---我們上面談到過英國和蘇格蘭早餐，現在我們就來看看愛爾蘭的早餐。那就是除此之外的白香腸和奶油蘇打麪包的搭配。
Sovereign is to have supreme command over life and death, war and peace, what is to be taught and heard.	君主對人的生死，和平或是戰爭,均擁有至高無上的權力，其他人等只有服從命令。
The headquarters of the organization is located in National Taipei University of Technology.	本社社址位於臺北科技大學校區。
Twenty-five years ago an Afghan girl with green eyes haunted the cover of National Geographic.	25年前一位有着綠色眼睛的阿富汗女孩出現在國家地理雜誌的封面上，讓人難以忘懷。
A government official in Tripoli said there was no sign Ghanem had defected.	卡扎菲政府的一名官員則表示，並沒有跡象顯示加尼姆已叛逃。
According to the Regulation of Education Department of PRC, No 21, act 54, and Regulations in Huazhong Normal Univsity, No 14, you deserve expulsion.	按照《中華人民共和國教育部令》第21號第五十四條，以及《華中師範大學研究生違紀處罰暫行辦法》第十四條，你應當得到開除的處分；
The first chapter: The concept of teaching methods, the relationship between the teaching method and essential factors of teaching.	第一章：論述教學方法與教學諸要素的關係，即教學方法的概念。
I feel like I am getting rid of all my distracting thoughts like weeding the grass.	慈濟志工吳貴雄：「我感覺到自己的雜念放下了，就像除草一樣。
For example, in the health sector there has been success achieved by the government contracting on a competitive basis for non government providers to provide basic health facilities in rural areas.	例如，在衛生部門，政府已經成功地通過競爭方式把向農村地區提供基本醫療設施的工作承包給了非政府服務提供機構。
No doubt, an "I'm the boss!" approach is called for in certain situations, usually in times of crisis when people need a strong, directive voice.	毫無疑問，在某些情況下，依然需要採取“我是老闆！” 的領導方式，尤其是身處危機當中，此時的員工，需要一個強有力的指揮者。
Can you pick up London on the radio?	你的收音機能收聽到倫敦的電臺嗎？
His works have been always thought as an outstanding representative literature "for life" and "full of blood and tears".	他的小說創作一直也被認爲是“爲人生”、“血與淚”文學的突出代表。
Russia, a major oil producer, is unlikely to embrace any ambitious emissions reductions.	產油大國俄羅斯不太可能歡迎任何大幅減排計劃。
Results A total of 1845 smear-positive TB patients were registered in 2011, 1394 were culture positive, and 1184 were identified as Mycobacterium tuberculosis infections and had drug test results.	結果 全年共報告1845例塗陽患者，開展痰培養並培養陽性1394例，其中菌羣鑑定爲結核分枝桿菌並有藥敏試驗結果者1184例。
The historical study of language also enables us to determine how non-linguistic factors, such as social, cultural and psychological factors, interact over time to trigger linguistic change.	歷史語言學的研究還可以使我們對非語言的因素，如社會文化和心理因素等在語言變化過程中所起的作用有更深的認識。
Periodically monitor serum testosterone, PSA, hemoglobin, hematocrit, liver function, lipid profile, PT/INR.	定期監測血清睾酮，PSA和血紅蛋白，紅細胞壓積，肝功能，血脂，玻璃紙/印度盧比。
The common package is currently named pi.package.2004-04-14.tar.gz.	當前的通用程序包名爲 pi.package.2004-04-14.tar.gz。
AW: At the censorship board meeting, I was surrounded by 11 people, and it was surreal because I was brought in and attacked.	韋拉斯哈古： 我被叫到一個審查委員會會議上，被11個人包圍和攻擊， 這是不可思議的。
JPMorgan shares fell 1 percent to $43.68. Shares of other major banks also fell, weighing on the broader market.	摩根大通股價週五收低2.26%至43.68美元,其他大型銀行股價亦走低,令大盤承壓.
Thus, any present optimization algorithm, as long as it is convergent , can be applied to solve the objective function to get the reliable minimum zone roundness error.	任何最優化算法，只要它收斂，均可用於求解該目標函數並得到可靠的最小區域圓度誤差值。
The chief factor in this expansion was the addition of about 7, 000, 000 workers from the reservoir of the unemployed.	這一增加的主要因素，是以失業大軍中補充了大約七百萬工人。
But in what might be described as a nod to aspect-oriented programming, this example lets us separate concerns that operate at different levels.	但是作爲對面向方面編程的一種認可，這個例子讓我們可以分離 那些在不同層次上運作的關注事項。
They can generate a P-rough integral chain, P-rough integral ring and P-rough integral ring chain.	並且在不同的遷移族不斷作用下生成P-粗積分鏈、P-粗積分環及P-粗積分環鏈。
Founded in 1846, the company also has timepieces in St Pancras station and St Paul's Cathedral. 4 D;	1846年成立以來，該公司還爲聖潘克拉斯火車站和聖保羅大教堂製作過時鐘。
Pregame warming-up practice on shooting! It does help.	賽前準備活動投籃練習，是很有幫助的。
Mr. Chen Wenhao required a unified thought to guarantee the complete fulfillment of all kinds of work and the success of the convention.	市委副書記、市長陳文浩要求我們，要進一步統一思想，確保各項工作落到實處，確保大會取得圓滿成功。
Methods Latest clinical follow-up results and imaging data of 58 ETVs in 58 patients with non-communicating hydrocephalus were evaluated retrospectively.	方法回顧性分析58例非交通性腦積水病人接受的58次ETV手術及其近期隨訪的臨牀、影像資料。
A small sampling: “Of all the gin joints, in all the towns, in all the world, she had to walk into mine”; “Kiss me.	這裏有幾個小例子：“世界上有那麼多的城鎮，城鎮中有那麼多的酒館，她卻走進了我的這一家”；“吻我吧！
With maturing prices and stiff competition in advanced nations, Sony's focus will now be on trying for a higher profit even on low volumes, the Nikkei quoted Kato as saying.	《日本經濟新聞》援引Kato的話稱，由於發達國家價格體系日漸成熟、競爭激烈，索尼目前將致力於以較小出貨量獲取較高利潤。
Avoiding conflict was associated with more symptoms of physical problems the next day than was actually engaging in an argument.	與正面產生衝突相比，委曲求全會在次日產生更多健康問題的徵兆。
In the past, TV shows that shed a light on the moneyed classes ─ or even those who aspire to it ─ haven't been looked upon favorably by Chinese authorities.	中國有關部門以往歷來不太喜歡電視節目講述有錢人──甚至包括那些渴望賺錢的人──的生活。
It was dawn by three in the morning, and twilight lingered till nine at night.	清晨三點黎明就來臨，夜晚九點黃昏才姍姍來遲，整天陽光燦爛。
Note that you can set global rules to be processed by the firewall either before or after application rules are applied by placing them appropriately on the list.	請注意您可以通過將它們放在列表中的合適的地方，在應用程序歸則被應用之前或之後，來設置全局規則以使之被防火牆處理。
BL is an essential document in international trade and shipment.	提貨單是國際貿易和船運中一種很重要的單據。
Water quality of bedrock fissure water in low mountain area is relatively bad in the south part of Shihezi, and it leads to high degree of mineralization of deep groundwater.	石河子南部低山區基岩裂隙水水質較差，導致該市區南部地下水深埋帶水質礦化度偏高。
Descartes’ program in the Meditations is to put the edifice ofhuman knowledge upon secure foundations.	在《沉思》中，笛卡爾計劃爲人類知識的大廈建立可靠的基礎。
He felt that we had gotten too playful with the relationship between Pi and the tiger, which is a profound one.	當我們給他看二稿時，他認爲派與老虎的關係本應是意味深長的，結果卻被我們寫得過於詼諧。
But it is only during the last three centuries that cats have joined dogs as companion ani mals and members of the family.	但直到最近三個世紀，貓才和狗一樣成爲人類的伴侶和家庭的一員。
The responses to plant gravitropism can be divided into three stages: gravity perception, signal transduction and asymmetric growth.	植物對重力的反應過程可分爲三個階段：重力感受、信號轉導和不對稱生長反應。
"If it is an inventory product, if it is a real boxed product with real value, there are always concerns about the security of that product," he said.	埃洛普還說"如果這是一個庫存產品，如果它是一個真正具有實際價值的盒裝產品，那總要考慮它的安全問題。"
And Nathan said to the king, Go, do all that is in thine heart; for the LORD is with thee.	拿單對王說，你可以照你的心意而行，因爲耶和華與你同在。
Once (he was)a worker , Pang Long now becomes a famous singer.	龐龍曾經是個工人，現在變成一位著名的歌手。
U. S. pairs title holders Rockne Brubaker and Keauna McLaughlin will go up against strong teams from Germany, China, Canada and Eastern Europe.	美國雙人滑冠軍得主布魯貝克爾和邁克勞林將對陣來自德國、中國、加拿大和東歐的勁敵。
And then they pulled a fast one: For half the volunteers, they called “time’s up” when only five minutes had passed.	在其中，他們搞了個把戲：對一半志願者，五分鐘剛過，心理學家們就宣佈時間已到；
Thee most common artificial language is Esperanto.	最常見的人造語言是世界語。 。
According to Zhao, life in military campsites is not monotonous.	趙峯表示，軍營生活並不單調。
Women love to shop. It is the only area of the world where they feel like they're actually in control.	女人喜歡購物，她們感到那是她們在這個世界上能把持的惟一範疇， 香港六個彩開獎記錄。
Blair: Well, lucky for you, your friend is someone I actually care about.	算你走運，你的那位朋友碰巧是我挺在乎的一個人。
At the time of deformation reached 40%, the appearance of the crystal changed greatly: the size refined, boundary turned clear, second phase disappeared and twin crystal structure appeared.	變形量爲40%時，軋板的晶粒形貌發生了顯著變化，晶粒變得細小，晶界清晰，第二相完全消失，並出現孿晶組織。
A common scenario is to have a landscape page in the middle of a document, whereas the other pages are in a portrait orientation .	常見的情況是在一個文檔中包含橫式頁面，而其他頁面都是縱向的。
Solitary Beauty Peak locates in Guilin Prince City and is an integral part of the Prince City scenic area.	獨秀峯位於桂林王城內，是王城景區不可分割的部分。
Morchella esculenta was collected from the hillside about 200~600 meters of Mount Tai in China.	泰山羊肚菌採自泰山海拔200～600 米的山坡處，經分離純化而得。
DESIRED SALARY: $185, 000 a year plus stock options and a Michael Ovitz style severance package. If that's not possible, make an offer and we can haggle.	期望薪水：年薪18萬5千美元，另加內部認股權以及michael ovitz那種離職補償金，如果這不可能的話，出個價咱們商量！
The second-place medal he earned in Albertville, France, gave the 27-year-old figure skater a new status and reputation.	這位27歲的花樣滑冰運動員在法國的阿爾貝維爾獲得了銀牌，生活從此改觀。
He spoke of how the housing market is 'stabilizing,' retail sales are resilient and corporate profits climbing.	他談到樓市如何正在“企穩”，零售業銷售如何有恢復力，公司利潤又是在如何攀升。
Flavors of cherry and plum are evident, with hints of tea-leaf.	蘊含顯著的櫻桃與洋李的氣息，伴有些許茶樹葉之芳香。
This paper proposes a coaxial probe technique for measuring microwave complex permittivity of dielectric sheets.	提出了一種可用於測量片狀介質材料微波復介電常數的同軸探頭技術。
You can resolve this problem by tailoring the process and incorporating instrumentation points directly into it.	你能夠通過裁剪過程和直接將使用工具的度量點合併到過程中來解決這個問題。
She ordered gummi bears and a knife a couple hours ago.	幾小時前預定了一些小熊軟糖和一把刀。
At our New Year's party ,he thanked us for helping him make up the lessons after his return from Sydney.	在我們的新年晚會上，他感謝我們在他從悉尼回來後幫他把功課趕上來。
In 1993, Douglas-Hamilton founded Save the Elephants (STE) in northern Kenya, a nonprofit organization dedicated specifically to elephants.	1993年，道格拉斯-漢密爾頓博士在肯尼亞北部創立了拯救大象組織。
Here in Chicago most of the people who pay the AMT are upper middle class (the top quintile of income earners) or rich (the top .1% of income earners).	在芝加哥繳納該稅的都是上層階級（收入排行榜佔前1/5的人）或者富人（收入排在前.1%）。
From the cocreator of the Chicken Soup For the Soul series, The Success Principles will kick-start your confidence and place you on track to success with 64 classic concepts.	由心靈雞湯的共同創造者編寫，《成功的法則》將會以64個經典概念鼓動勉勵設立建設你的自決定信念並讓你走上成功之路。
Tuning is largely about understanding how things work, determining if they're working properly, making adjustments, and re-evaluating.	調優很大程度上需要理解組件的工作原理，確定它們是否正常工作，進行一些調整，並重新評測。
I declare that all the information given above is true. I understand that I may be fined or dismissed for giving false information.	我聲明以上資料全部屬實。 我瞭解我可能因提供虛假資料而被開除或提控。
Problems should be solved peacefully by political and diplomatic means.	對出現的問題採取和平、政治、外交的方式加以解決。
Thee little boy did not say, "Scat, scat! ""	這個小男孩兒並沒有說“走開，走開！” ”
To improve discipline, the minister said, all law firms in China would be sent party liaisons to "guide their work."	他強調，爲了加強紀律，中國的每個律師事務所都必須建立黨支部來“指導他們的工作”。
When I arrived at ticket office, it was 9:00am. But there have been so many visitors that it completely out of my estimation.	我早上九點趕到售票處，沒想到要去看自由女神的遊客這麼多。
The concept of stereo microscope mutual system was proposed, and the relevant research was performed in cooperation with Motic company.	提出了體視互動實驗概念，並與麥克奧迪會司合作開展了相關研究。
Time never erode the memory. Youth of the new century, let memory lead us move forward, let memory record the history we are to create in the future.	時間不會使記憶風化，新世紀的熱血青年，讓記憶記錄我們前進步伐，讓記憶記錄我們創造明天的歷史吧。
Try to get stuff in its natural state, without all the gravies and sauces and cheeses on top.	如果想要從中得到營養，不要在上面塗肉汁，果醬和奶酪。
Huizhou located at Xizhi Jiang nearby, the fine scenery, suits the housing.	惠州位於西枝江旁，風景優美，適合居住。
He died in 1892, his death being considered as a national calamity.	他死於1892年，他的逝世被認爲是舉國的不幸。
Called up for military service, Mr. Marokvia spent the war as an illustrator for the Wehrmacht, applying brush and pencil in Ukraine, Italy, Finland and Yugoslavia.	瑪洛克維亞先生被徵召入伍，他作爲一名德國國防軍的插圖畫家，在烏克蘭、意大利、芬蘭和南斯拉夫留下了自己的墨跡。
In fact, many controversial books in history have now been proven to be completely inaccurate.	事實上，在歷史上很多有爭議的書現在都被認爲是完全正確的。
The Oracle told him to leave Psyche on a mountainside where a serpent would take her away.	神喻說，將普賽克置於 山腰，一條大毒蛇會將她帶走。
And all these other things are not part of the list."	其他東西都不在書目裏面“
The best way to prevent this type of attack is to enforce policies that make passwords difficult to guess.	防止這種類型攻擊的最佳方法是加強策略，使口令很難被猜中。
The crystal structures, chemical states and electrical transport behavior of the samples were studied, and the DC conductivity of the Eu_(1-x)Sr_xCoO_(3-δ) at different temperatures has been tested.	研究了各樣品的晶體結構、化學狀態和電輸運性能，測試了樣品在不同溫度下的直流電導率。
Method: A survey was conducted in one village of Kunming Area, and then the population was divided into exposure group and control group according to the use of pesticides.	方法根據花卉種植情況，選擇某縣某村花卉種植者進行調查，根據農藥使用情況將調查人羣分爲農藥暴露組和非農藥暴露組（即對照組）。
I asked her to come and say a few words to us today about her plans for UNICEF and our common mission.	我今天請她來向我們簡單講講她對兒童基金會以及我們共同任務的計劃。
They are always symmetrical about the horizon and move in opposite directions through the houses as the elongation of the Moon from the Sun increases.	他們總是關於地平線對稱，並在各宮作反方向移動，因爲太陽從月亮的距離增加。
Specifies which sub-objects to retrieve when a query is submitted for an object of type T.	指定在爲 T 類型的對象提交查詢時要檢索的子對象。
Please forgive me. I am, I am just so shocked and so thankful.	請大家原諒，此時此刻我是驚喜萬分、感激萬分。
More than half of China's exports are made up of goods which are simply assembled here with components imported from overseas, so as exports drop, the need for those components falls.	中國一半以上的出口企業都在集約式的組裝從國外進口的零部件，所以當出口下降，這些零部件的進口需求也就隨之下降了。
Marty: Maybe on the outside but inside my head is another story. The doctor I'm going to see is a psychiatrist. I believe I can fly. Up, up and away!	馬田：或許只是外表看起來不錯，但內在卻是另一回事，我是要看精神科醫生，我相信我可以飛翔，飛得遠遠地！
This prompted Erich von Daniken in his book Chariots of the Gods to suggest that they actually were runways for extraterrestrial craft.	埃裏奇·馮·丹尼肯在他的《神的戰車》一書中提到那實際上是外太空飛船使用的跑道。
When the horned lizard is approached by a hungry foe, it uses an equally unusual method of self-preservation.	當飢餓的敵人靠近角蜥蜴時，它用一種不同尋常的方法自保。
One area where these classes are used is in validating that userids are in the correct format before connecting to CICS for the actual authentication.	這些類的使用範圍之一就是在連接到 CICS 以進行實際身份驗證之前確認用戶名的正確格式。
The big plaster-walled living room held six framed photographs.	客廳的板牆上掛着六個相框。
He reflects: “These kids don’t have any coping mechanisms.	他反應說：“這些孩子沒有任何的應對機制。
Runlevels 2 through 5 are multi-user states, and runlevel 6 indicates reboot.	運行級別 2 到 5 是多用戶狀態，運行級別 6 表示重啓。
So, combustible ice is how come from?	那麼，可燃冰是怎麼來的呢？
China protects the legitimate rights and interests of foreign business people participating in collaborative oil exploitation.	中國保護參與石油合作開發外國商人的合法權利和利益。
Dress by the Queen's Personal Assistant and Senior Dresser, Angela Kelly LVO.	由女王私人助理和高級服裝師安吉拉•凱利定製的長裙。
MRI has essentially replaced arthrography for the evaluation of internal derangement of the knee.	對評價膝關節內紊亂，MRI已基本上取代了關節造影。
A third of the Lunar New Year delicacy nostoc (fat choi) available on the market has been found to be counterfeit and fake nostoc was made from starch, additives and colorings .	市場出售之農曆新年佳餚髮菜，有三分一是假貨，使用澱粉質食品配以添加劑製成。
Art thieves are a cautious lot, says Wittman, which means "I usually have people following me for a while.	藝術盜賊是謹慎的小偷，惠特曼說，這意味着“我經常會被別人尾隨一陣子。
But when Va Meng Lee, a Hmong shaman, began the healing process by looping a coiled thread around the patient’s wrist, Mr. Lee’s chief concern was summoning the ailing man’s runaway soul.	苗族薩滿巫醫李範孟（Va Meng Lee，音譯）繞着他的手腕轉着螺旋狀的線，開始了治療，他的首要任務是召回病人飄散的靈魂。
This willingness to venerate the food on our plate seems to arrive at a particular moment in human development - and it tells us much more about a society than its favourite supper dish.	這種崇拜我們盤中餐的意願，似乎是在人類發展史上的某個特定時刻降臨的，而且它向我們講敘關於這個社會的故事，遠遠超過了一個民族晚餐桌上最得意的一盤佳餚。
Yet for many people, Facebook permits a return to the simplicity of the schoolyard.	不過對很多人而言，Facebook代表的是一種質樸的校園交友文化的迴歸。
It's well known that we can't read someone's body language by E-mail, we possibly never will see those people that we are dealing with. So we have none of the safeguards.	衆所周知，通過E-mail我們看不到某人的身體語言，甚至可能永遠也見不到這些人，因此，不會有安全保障的。
I have very, very fond memories from Melvin, he touched my life.	和Melvin的那次會面給我留下了十分愉快的回憶，他觸動了我的生命。
The results from the experiments of a surface-mounted permanent magnet-type prototype machine suggest the good performance of the suspension.	通過對整個無軸承永磁同步電動機系統的實驗調試，實現了無軸承永磁同步電動機的穩定懸浮。
As the winds did those of the upper air.	正如秋風把花瓣在空中揚散。
Cloud computing could prove to be a similar "leapfrog" technology because it dispenses with the need to build a cumbersome IT infrastructure.	雲計算可能也會成爲“ 鯉魚跳龍門”式的技術，因爲它把構建複雜IT基礎設施的需求進行有效的分配。
This paper proposes the design scheme of "back-loaded" pulsed antenna. A sector antenna and a rectangular antenna are made on the basis of the method.	本文提出了“背載”式脈衝天線的設計方案，並以此製作了扇形臂和矩形臂天線。
He said: "I miss English pubs - having a good lager shandy and a Sunday lunch while watching the football."	小貝表示：“我十分懷念英國的小酒館，看球賽的同時，一邊喝啤酒，一邊吃烤肉。”
Pour over the can of coke and rub the window – then wipe it off with a damp cloth (to ensure the removal of any sticky residue from the sugars in the drink).	在窗子上倒一罐可樂，然後擦拭——最後用溼布擦去窗子上的可樂（以確保來自飲料的黏性糖類殘留物清除乾淨）。
What he actually did was invite some friends over for "pop and pizza" to discuss Iqbal’s story.	他實際上只是邀請了一些朋友參加“歌曲和比薩派對”，其間大家一起討論伊拜爾的故事。
STABs are the native format for debugging information in the a.out and XCOFF object file formats.	STAB 是 a.out 和 XCOFF 對象文件格式的調試信息的本機格式。
No, but I do know that he never wavered in his conviction for a second.	是的。但是我知道他從來沒有對自己的信仰有過片刻的動搖。
Bangladeshi women habitually wear Sarees.	孟加拉國婦女習慣上都穿紗麗（Sarees）。
Wangmeng's view on love and marriage embodied in his novels is characterized by a prominent male consciousness and an emphasis on men's domination over women.	突出的男性意識，強調男性對女性的主宰權，是王蒙小說中婚戀觀的顯著特色，女性作爲弱勢羣體，在婚戀中並沒有話語權。
Grandpa from the cake shop to buy a cake!	外公從蛋糕店買來蛋糕了！
He posted his find on the Internet and soon afterward a firestorm erupted as numerous other people duplicated his problem and found additional situations that resulted in wrong answers.	他將他的發現傳到了英特網上，很快暴風雨來臨，成千上萬的人們復現了她的問題，而且還發現了更多類似的問題。
Quantum gravity theory and quantum cosmology are simply reviewed and their logical relations are discussed .	本文對量子引力理論和量子宇宙學作了簡單述評，討論了兩者之間的邏輯關係。
None of this will actually be decided at Bali.	所有這一切實際上都決定在巴里島。
To understand the clinical features of Reiter's Syndrome (RS) occurred in our country.	瞭解賴特綜合徵（RS）在我國發病的臨牀特點。
Sarah Jessica Parker sports flashy fashion as she films a scene for "Sex and the City 2" on location in New York in September 2009.	2009年9月，莎拉·潔西卡·帕克身着華而不實的服飾站在紐約街頭，因爲她正爲電影《慾望都市2》拍攝一個鏡頭。
If you didn't have the foresight to embed some kind of version information, or sentinel values, this could get tricky.	如果您沒有想到要嵌入一些版本信息或標誌值，這就需要一些技巧了。
There are many Qigong masters who make much money by teaching Qigong and curing patients. As a result, their practice becomes obsolete.	社會上有許多氣功師傅，他們以其氣功的超能力開班授徒，爲人治病以獲取厚利，然而，其結果卻是荒廢了本身修行的功課。
They further argued that governments exist to serve the people, not vice versa, and that laws should apply to those who govern as well as to the governed (a concept known as rule of law3).	他們還認爲政府之所以存在是爲了服務人民，而非相反的情況，而法律應該適用於統治者以及被統治者。
The annual budget deficit has also spiralled, driven by tax cuts and the doubling of military spending: it stood at zero when George Bush took office, it is now $438bn.	目前，美國政府的財政赤字也在與日俱增。 這主要是因爲減稅計劃的實施和連年的戰爭開支。
Further eytogenetic analysis and breeding utilization of this intergeneric hybrid are still being carried out.	目前正進一步開展細胞遺傳和育種利用研究。
Classical feature extraction methods include: Principle Component Analysis, Singular Value Decomposition, Projection Pursuit, Self-Organizing Map, and so on.	傳統的特徵提取方法主要有：主分量分析、奇異值分解、投影追蹤、自組織映射等。
And cycloalkane without substitute group is hard to be attacked by microorganism, therefore could exist for a long time, abiding and destroying the environment seriously.	而沒有取代基的環烷烴，其分子難以受到微生物攻擊而被降解，能長期存在被污染的環境中，對環境造成持久嚴重的污染。
And who can argue with Orwell?	誰可以跟奧維爾爭論呢？
The opposition Workers' Party surprised with its capture of the five-seat constituency at Aljunied, unseating Foreign Minister George Yeo of the ruling People's Action Party in the process.	反對黨工人黨吃驚地發現它得到了阿裕尼選區的5個席位，使執政黨人民行動黨外交部長楊榮文失去競選資格。
Professor Zhou Gang, director of Bureau mucosa check, for a prompt oral candidiasis, also known as thrush.	粘膜科主任周剛教授檢查後，提示爲一種口腔念珠菌感染，也稱鵝口瘡。
The program is currently sold out, but you can go here to get on the announcement list for when it reopens.	目前這個項目已經滿座了，但你可以點擊這裏查看通知列表，看看它再開班的日期。
Social development is the process of creating main-body persons of the society. In this process life-long education will play a irreplaceable role.	社會發展是社會主體人的創造過程，在此過程中終身教育將起着無可替代的作用。
But Wall Street innovation has become, well, too innovative to only look back.	但華爾街的創新已經變得太新，僅僅往回看是不足夠的。
Anderson came in for criticism for making the most of some tackles during last weekend's draw with Arsenal. The Brazilian international has slammed talk that he is prone to theatrics on the field.	安德森最近被人們批評說他在上週六對抗阿森納時被對方球員剷倒的動作太誇張。 這名巴西籍球員也否認了有關他愛在場上表演的言論。
"It's a very simple game, " said Crecente. "But it's managed to sell 12 million copies.	“這是個很簡單的遊戲，”Crecente說到，“但是卻成功售出了1200萬份。
The United States has been the world’s breadbasket for more than half a century.	過去的半個世紀內，美國一直是世界的麪包籃子。
Wenrenyao of the Tang Dynasty, as a part of Xinyuefu, is one form of the various categories of Xinyuefu.	唐代文人謠是文人新樂府的一部分，是文人新樂府詩歌多種體式的一種。
That's because the only safe political position in Washington on Chinese currency issues is that Beijing isn't doing enough.	這是因爲在華盛頓，談到人民幣匯率問題時，惟一安全的政治立場是中國政府做的還不夠。
A science teacher from Prineville, Oregon, in the Pacific Northwest, is the new National Teacher of the Year.	來自太平洋西北部俄勒岡州Prineville縣的一位科學教師是本年國家級教師稱譽的獲得者。
The dorsal root ganglia(DRG) of rat were cultured on polypyrrole membrane for 2 weeks.	將大鼠背根神經節體外培養於聚吡咯膜上2周；
The results showed the changes of the rheological and inflation behaviors of PP/SGF and the orientation of fiber could improve the uniformity of wall thickness of the curved ducts.	結果表明：PP經過玻纖增強後流變性能、型坯膨脹行爲的改變及玻纖取向的方式，可使得其彎管壁厚更均勻。
Agriculture consists largely of subsistence farming and animal husbandry.	在農業中佔很大部分的是種植業和畜牧業。
For the past few days, there has instead been rioting in the square.	在過去的幾天裏，廣場上沒有垃圾，倒是有一場暴亂。
The ancients cloud "not learn ritual, without" the embodiment of the civilization etiquette is not only a man quality, breeding, also is personal morals and embodiment of social ethics.	古人云 鳳“不學禮，無以立”文明禮儀不僅是個人素質、教養的體現，也是個人道德和社會公德的體現。
We have recently sent a letter to Mr. Clapton's agent inviting him to Pyongyang for a concert.	我們在最近向克萊普頓的經紀人發出邀請，希望他能來平壤演奏。
Our Razoo Giving Guide to Homelessness has details on numerous organizations that are helping homeless people to get off the streets.	我們有關流浪漢資料的網頁上有不少關於幫助給流浪漢安家的機構的詳細信息。
Accounts Payable Monies that are due to a vendor (supplier) for merchandise or services rendered.	應付賬款以賒賬方式向賣方（供應廠商）購得商品或勞務所應付的賬款。
'That tells you that the only refuge out there is [German] bunds, ' said Ciaran O'Hagan, a European fixed income strategist with Societe Generale in Paris.	駐巴黎的法國興業銀行(Societe Generale)歐洲固定收益策略師奧黑根(Ciaran O'Hagan)說，這種情形表明，現在唯一的指望就是德國國債。
It doesn't have a point. It's all process and form.	它沒有目的，而僅僅是過程和形式。
No answer to this question is painless to Democrats.	對民主黨人士來說，這個問題的所有答案都是很刺痛人的。
On the other side, not far from the first, was a cruder and crueler aspect that had arrived in this land with the active practice of bullfighting, and passed on the predilection for cock-fighting.	在另一邊，不遠處的第一個，是一個粗糙和殘酷的一面，已經在這方面與鬥牛積極實踐土地抵達，並在爲鬥雞偏愛通過。
A visit to one of these places is well worth while.	這些地方的任何一處都是很值得一去的。
Sometimes a lack of information can lead workers to misperceive that there's preferential treatment, says Mr. Reed.	裏德說，有時候信息的缺乏會讓員工誤以爲老闆偏心。
Put it somewhere like on your cupboard or fridge so you see it every day.	把它放在諸如你的碗櫃或冰箱上，這樣你每天都能夠看到它了。
His father works at the weather station.	他父親在氣象站工作。
Mutual connection of 3G cell capacity, cell vesture and cell interference are deeply analysed and the factors affecting cell capacity and cell vesture are also discussed.	對3G小區容量、覆蓋、干擾之間的相互關係進行了分析，並討論了影響小區容量和覆蓋的因素。
Finland invested in communications and IT at exactly the right time.	芬蘭在通訊和信息技術方面的投資可謂恰逢其時。
We can also observe them in certain strata of our own society, especially in show business and among the very wealthy.	我們也可以在我們社會的一些階層中觀察到它們，特別在演藝界和非常富有的人羣中。
However, traveling in groups means less freedom.	然而，組團旅行較少自由。
Have you ever known there are such creatures as an albino two-headed snake?	你知道這個世界上有一種叫做雙頭白化蛇的生物嗎？
The Places mashup application (JWL Version)	Places mashup 應用程序（JWL 版本）
Why did I let Louise talk to me so long? Now I'll have to work on the advice column during lunch.	我怎麼會讓露易絲講那麼久？這下子我得用午休時間寫問題解答專欄了。
At the age of 16, she started her own family, and created for her four children the kind of warm and loving environment that we hadn't had ourselves.	她在16歲時，成立了自己的家庭，併爲其四個孩子創造了一個溫暖，充滿愛的環境，這是我們沒有擁有過的。
The development of this kind of different outline type is to press customer to request to design of or from we from already creative.	這種不同的外框類型的開發是按客戶要求設計成的或者是由我們自已創新出的。
In a very short time, as we develop this technology, you will see the souls that are created in origin on earth and the souls of those who influenced the ones of those born on this planet.	凱史：很快，隨着我們開發的這項科技，你將會看到地球本土創造出的靈魂和那些影響了誕生於這顆星球的人們的靈魂。
HOWARD MCKEON:“National defense has contributed enough to deficit reduction.”	HOWARD MCKEON：“國防對赤字削減已經做出了足夠的貢獻。”
We scanned the brains of five men and five women using positron-emission tomography, which records changes in cerebral blood flow following changes in brain activity;	我們以正子斷層造影（PET）掃描男、女各五名舞者的腦部，記錄腦部活動時血流的改變；
But the sandbox has walls, as Weibo for now does not play much with the outside world, and is subject to a rigorous monitoring and censorship regime.	不過，這個試驗場被圍了起來，微博並未過多地同外界打交道，同時它還受制於嚴格的監控和審查機制。
The Mashed Potato of the Future is an inky mountain of mystery. It sits on the plate like a slag heap, or the ashes of an apocalyptic disaster.	“未來的土豆泥”是一座神祕的墨色山脈，坐落在碟子裏，就像一堆礦渣或天災留下的灰燼。
I could never get a good fix on Muammar Gadaffi. When he seized power way back in 1969, he was young and very handsome, with movie-star good looks, and an ardent reformist.	1969年穆阿邁爾·卡扎菲奪取政權時，我根本搞不懂他，那時他年輕而且非常英俊，看上去就像電影明星，是一名充滿熱情的改革者。
Ephrins and Eph-receptors are regularly involved when cells recognize or influence each other.	當細胞在識別和影響其它細胞的時候，通常會涉及到Ephrins和Eph配體。
It is selling watermelon juice in California and Oregon.	該公司在加利福尼亞和俄勒岡州出售西瓜汁。
I have sworn on the altar of God eternal hostility against every form of tyranny over the mind of man.	我在上帝的祭壇前發誓，任何奴役人民的任何形式的專制都是與我不共戴天的仇敵。
A popular term to describe the central government's drive to achieve an 8 percent growth rate of the gross domestic product (GDP) this year.	“保八”是描述中央政府今年力保國內生產總值（GDP）增長8%的通俗說法。
"Mum and sister variations";	“媽媽姐姐變奏曲”；
Points of knowledge: Model characteristic of batch reactor and basic design equations; calculation of reactor volume; calculation of reaction time for the variable-temperature tank reactor.	知識要點：間歇反應器的模型特點及基礎設計方程；反應器體積的計算方法；變溫間歇釜式反應器反應時間的計算。
That is, unless they trash it-by swimming in a swamp, or lighting the dress on fire in the desert.	除非他們在溼地游泳，或在沙漠將其點燃，否則它們都難逃以上厄運。
Our world is sometimes lacking wise and good leadership or, as in the case of Burma, the leadership is forbidden to lead.	然而，我們這個世界有時會缺乏英明智慧、心地善良的領導，如緬甸就是這種情況。 這種領導應該被剝奪權力。
Critics have said lately that Asda's low-price proposition hasn't resonated with consumers suffering from frugal fatigue in the wake of the recession.	批評者說，阿斯達最近的低價格並沒有引起在經濟衰退中掙扎的老百姓的共鳴。
"The Chinese high net-worth individuals are quickly becoming a savvy shopper of wealth management products and services," he said.	“中國的高淨資產富人正快速成爲財富管理產品和服務的精明買家，”他說。
We also do import and export business in chemicals and agricultural products.	我公司還經營化學產品和家產品進出口的業務。
Solution is composed of early freshwater solution and later deep burial solution. The deep burial solution is the key factor of production of reservoir.	溶蝕作用分早期淡水和埋藏溶蝕作用兩期，埋藏溶蝕作用對儲層的形成起關鍵控制作用。
From the single desk of a startup hedge fund to the gilded halls ofGoldman Sachs, computer code is now responsible for most of the activity onWall Street.	無論是剛剛創立的對衝基金唯一的櫃檯，還是高盛公司富麗堂皇的大廳，計算機代碼承擔着華爾街大部分的交易活動。
Alas! Kalkas is lost! His people cannot survive without his great wisdom.	唉！卡爾加犧牲！他的人們失去了賴以生存的智慧襄。
You say BLACK and water gushes forth, You yell RED and the water stops completely!	你說黑色並且澆灌涌出，你完全地叫喊紅色和水中止！
You realize that there is no topological analogy between the two ways of knotting the rings of string I showed you.	你體會到，並沒有任何地形上的類比，在我教你們的這兩種解開結的辦法。
Abnormal Psychology is a branch of psychology.	變態心理學是心理學的一個分支學科。
Today’s move falls further into the weirdness category; people don’t like a quitter.	今天的舉動更落入一個古怪的套路；人們不喜歡輕易放棄的人。
See that carrier, just like an oven, and all the raw materials are ready , grilled chicken and Fried squid can be always got up from the pan.	看這那航空母艦，多像一個烤爐啊，上面還擺滿了現成的原料，雞翅串燒和鐵板魷魚隨時都能起鍋。
The Belgian city, the traditional center of the world's market for polished diamonds, faces tough competition from the world's other diamond powerhouses.	安特衛普一直是世界經加工鑽石的中心市場，它現在面臨着世界其他鑽石業中心的嚴酷競爭。
The dishes at Shanghai Tatler are mainly new Shanghai cuisine, taking the best of the cuisine from Sichuan, Beijing, Guangdong and Hangzhou and being handled by state-level chefs.	食府的菜系以新上海菜爲主，融合川、京、粵、杭各派之精華，並由國家級技師主理。
A guide to the structure and architecture of an Android Application.	Android應用程序結構及體系的指南。
Furthermore, the therapy could be modified to improve the expression and function of the new T-cell genes, as well as making sure that more of the engineered cells survive.	而且，這種治療能通過提升T 細胞基因的表現和功能得到改良，同時確保更多的基因工程細胞存活。
Mike:No, it isnt. Its five oclock already. I think your watch is slow.	邁克：不，不對。現在已經五點鐘了。我想你的錶慢了。
We have developed a range of water treatment systems consturcted around the patented and proven Neutra-Mill Technology.	我們圍繞着獲得專利以及被實踐證明十分有效的中和碾磨機技術開發了一系列的水處理系統。
Eliot would go further and say that there is no common form of modern speech, and that's the problem.	艾略特涉及的更加深入,他認爲談話並沒有什麼通常的形式，而這就是問題所在。
In the 1960s academic and critical attention to cinema as a legitimate art form emerged.	1960年代，學術界和批評界的關注使電影作爲一種真正的藝術形式榮登大雅之堂。
He's driven past a bunch of them, wondering why the other cars honk so.	他駕車經過了很多個交通燈，當時他還感到奇怪爲什麼那些車對他使勁按喇叭。
With BladeSystem, server organization is not tied to function.	隨着刀片服務器組織無關的功能。
Around 4-6% of elderly people have experienced some form of maltreatment at home.	約有4%到6%的老人在家中受到某種形式的虐待。
Assistant: I have collected different kinds of paper-cuts all over the country; you can pick the one you like best.	店員：我收集了全國不同的剪紙。 您可以挑選您最喜歡的。
Most of the global companies are moving manufacturing facilities out-side of Japan.	大多數跨國公司都在把生產設備遷出日本。
Wang said that it is a major decision made by the Chinese and Singapore governments to build Tianjin Eco-city.	王岐山說，建設天津生態城是中新兩國政府作出的重要決策。
"Nobody is here to declare 'mission accomplished', " he says – in a dig at George Bush's notorious aircraft carrier appearance in 2003, before a banner proclaiming "mission accomplished".	“這裏沒人宣佈‘任務已經完成’”他說，這裏他顯然試圖讓人們想起2003年布什總統（與伊拉克戰爭時期）出現在航母上的那一幕，當時他出場時有個廣告條，上面寫着“任務完成”。
U.S. auto sales have plunged to 25-year lows. Analysts do not expect them to recover substantially before 2010.	美國汽車銷售已經下滑至25年低點.分析師們也預計2010年以前市場不會明顯復甦.
All of a sudden, Cinderella caught sight of the clock on the wall. Oh, it is almost twelve o'clock-five to twelve!	時間在美妙的歌舞中過去，牆上的大鐘突然映入灰姑娘的眼裏，差5分鐘12點。
Kimball Cho: If we have to obtain a warrant, we're gonna come back here and take every computer, and every piece of paper in this building.	周：要是非要我們用搜查證，到時我們就回來收走樓裏的每一部電腦每一張紙。
This happened even when participants were told about the effect and warned that it could happen to them.	甚至在參加者被告知影響並警告有可能發生在他們身上時，這種情況仍會發生。
I let the plane down gently, pulled off the runway, and taxied back to parking.	我穩穩地降落了飛機，駛離跑道，滑行回了停機場。
However, the interparticle friction did not appear to have a significant effect on the magnitude of the lateral stress developed during the uniaxial compression.	然而，顆粒間的摩擦對軸向加載時系統產生的水平應力沒有很強的影響。
Its evolution was affected by many factors, such as the traditional culture, individual talents, literary styles, literary ideas and the social status of women ci-poets, etc.	它受到傳統文化、個體才性、文體觀念和女性社會地位等諸多因素的影響。
But it was this sense of failure that made him determined to succeed in his new life.	但就是這種失敗感使他決心在新的生活中取得成功。
And according to result of the experiment, we can get the conclusion that this arithmetic ensures the accuracy of the meaning image region.	實驗結果證明該方法具有較好的提取效果，降低了提取結果的信息冗餘，保證了圖像中有意義區域提取的準確性。
If the king regards me with favor and if it pleases the king to grant my petition and fulfill my request, let the king and Haman come tomorrow to the banquet I will prepare for them.	我若在王眼前蒙恩，王若願意賜我所要的，準我所求的，就請王帶着哈曼，再赴我所要預備的筵席。
Until now, South Korean officials refused to let Hwang Jang-yop travel abroad, fearing he would become a target for assassination.	到目前爲止，韓國官員拒絕讓黃長燁出國，擔心他成爲暗殺的目標。
First, strengthening political exchanges and carrying out extensive contacts between the governments, political parties, and legislative bodies of the two countries.	廣泛開展兩國政府、政黨、立法機構之間的聯繫。
The replicas on the DPM computer for one or more of the volumes being protected are missing.	DPM 計算機上受保護的一個或多個卷的副本丟失。
"I had one of my best days and I'm very fortunate that I had it on this stage in New York, " Stosur said during an on-court interview.	“本屆美網我度過了生命中最美好的日子，我非常幸運在紐約的這一舞臺上贏得了這一切，”斯托瑟在場地採訪中表示。
The average sedimentary velocity under no-slip wall condition is largely less than that under periodic wall boundary condition.	固壁條件下多根橢圓粒子的平均沉降速度大大小於週期性壁麪條件下的平均沉降速度。
The murderer was caught red-handed.	兇犯當場被抓住。
An equitable commitment between the resource provider and the project delivery team must exist before a viable project exists.	在可行的項目存在前需要在資源提供者與項目交付方之間有一個公平的約束。
"We will sell 400,000 to 450,000 vehicles in 2012/13," Stefan Jacoby said at an event in Washington, D.C., ahead of the Detroit Auto Show.	"我們2012/13年度將銷售40萬至45萬輛車." Stefan Jacoby再抵特律車展前於華府一場活動中說.
He writes a series of character image, mostly is the good-looking man pretty girl, the wealth sub-beautiful woman, both some ideals, and does not lack the real life average person's shadow.	他筆下的一系列人物形象，大多是俊男靚女，財子佳人，既有些理想性，又不缺乏現實生活中普通人的影子。
To clarify the safety of Monascus and Chinese traditional medicine synbiotics.	闡明紅曲黴與健胃中藥合生素的安全性。
In another performance, exhausted Zhen Ping by monkey group hit so that how also climb not to rise, him Xun Er enters the court, of monkey of at one's convenience bully.	在又一場表演中，精疲力竭的振平被猴羣打得怎麼也爬不起來，荀兒自己上場，任憑猴子的欺負。
I cradled it like a priceless breakable and wept buckets of tears. Some for a card I would always hold dear, others for the sorrowful changes taking place in the lives of those I loved.	我把它揣在懷裏，就像是一塊易碎的無價之寶，潸然淚下——一部分是爲了一張我將永遠珍視的卡片，另一部分是爲我所愛的人生命遭受的痛苦變化。
When a man has an over-supply of energy, his walking becomes transformed into prancing or dancing.	當一個人有着過多的力量時，他的走路的姿勢便會變成揚揚闊步或跳舞了。
It is now in flyable storage in Fort Worth.	它現在在封存在沃斯堡。
Mark 13:32-33 – No one knows abut that day or hour, not even the angels in heaven, nor the Son, but only the Father.	《馬可福音》13：32-33——“但那日子、那時辰，沒有人知道，連天上的使者也不知道，子也不知道，惟有父知道。
As a substitute for microjet actuator, a buzzer is used to form microjet under water environment.	用蜂鳴器代替微作動器在水中對微射流的形成及發展進行了定性實驗。
And the prospect of ultra-low interest rates for 'an extended period,' according to the Federal Reserve, also has investors rethinking their exposure to stocks.	而美國聯邦儲備委員會(Federal Reserve)表態說，當前的超低利率還要再延長一段時間。 這也促使投資者重新思考他們在股市上的風險敞口。
Some enjoy it and some belittle it.	欣賞者有之，貶抑者亦有之。
B. Replan the project without the resources.	跑去資源重新計劃該項目。
The yak-skin gelatin; nutritional anaemia; oral administration.	犛牛皮膠；營養性貧血；人體試食。
Methods Retrospective analysis of 23 patients with 23 hips 2005.04-2009.03 application group with modular femoral prosthesis (MP) of total hip revision approach and clinical results.	方法回顧性分析2005.04-2009.03月23例23髖應用組配式生物股骨柄（MP柄）行髖關節翻修的手術方法及臨牀效果。
NOTE: Runners who have not reached the finish area by the race cut-off time should immediately stop running and exit the main road.	注意：參賽者在限定的比賽時間內沒有到達終點，請立即結束比賽並退出主路。
The protocol stack has realized AISG2.0 completely so that the ALDs can be compatible and interoperable wi th the third party′s ALD control system or base station system complying with AISG2.0.	開發的AISG協議棧完整實現了AISG2.0要求，保證ALD 設備能夠與任何符合AISG2.0的電調天線控制系統或基站系統兼容和互操作。
They do not communicate what the right thing is; their children are expected to intuit the correct behaviors by observing their father.	他們不告訴孩子何爲正確，卻希望孩子們能通過父親的榜樣獲知何爲行爲端正。
It is a fine day today. There are some clouds in the sky, but the sun is shining.	今天天氣好。天空中飄着幾朵雲，但陽光燦爛。
Would it be someone like - Billy Wilder would be great for this one.	如果這個電影遇到比利•維爾德那樣的，那會很好。
Hai-Tao had Xiao Bao in his thirties . His family definitely won't give me the child, which means I will not have a child, later on.	海濤三十多歲纔有了小寶，他們家肯定不會把孩子給我，那就意味着，我以後身邊再也沒有孩子了。
It's a long story.	一言難盡。說來話長。
The reason Burundi is so poor is because they have never really had any peaceful time between the everlasting civil wars.	這個國家貧窮的真正原因是因爲連綿不絕的內戰。
We mainly produce cotton tea-towel of different kinds with yarn-dying, waving and sewing as a coordinated process.	主要生產各種規格全棉茶巾，廚房巾。集染紗、織布、縫紉一條龍生產線。
eg:Please turn the radio down the noise is deafening.	請把收音機的聲音開小一點--聲音大得震耳欲聾.
However, the equivalent English word "forest" takes six.	而對應的英文字“forest”需要六個字節。
We might even see-saw between both counterproductive poles.	我們甚至可能看到雙方針鋒相對的情況。
Now your dreams of staying in luxury resorts, cruising in 6 star style, or creating lifelong memories in exotic locations can become a reality.	如今有關您夢想住在有異國情調的六星級風格豪華度假村，享受終身難忘的回憶，將可以美夢成真。
It's not easy to devise this and the concept is very simple.	設計保單並不那麼容易,僅僅一條概念太單薄了。
This paper introduces the concept and application of emergency lighting in civil buildings, explores the common problems in the design of emergency lighting and puts forward some feasible suggestions.	該文主要介紹了民用建築的火災應急照明的概念及常見的做法，以及在設計中常見的問題與疑點。
Not that the critics agree: Ossie Ardiles was still taking his old team-mate to task over his "stupid" and "irresponsible" decision making.	不僅是評擊者們這麼認爲：奧西•阿迪萊斯還與他的老隊友們一起，在接受他的“愚蠢”的，“不負責任”的決策。
Responsibility for turning Pakistan from the country that Jinnah hoped it would become into the bloodstained place it is today must be widely shared, but there are a few obvious culprits.	巴基斯坦從真納所希望成爲的樣子變成現在這種血淋淋的地方，很多人都應該承擔責任。 有幾個明顯的元兇。
Nathan noted that the study can't prove that smoking causes diabetes.	內森說此項研究不能證明吸菸會導致糖尿病。
Business has involved the customed application software , sale, providing total solutions, IT consulting and so on.	業務內容涉及應用軟件定製及銷售、提供整體解決方案、IT諮詢等各方面。
Welsh independent retailer Get Connected will open its 50th store in Worcester on Saturday (February 28).	威爾士獨立零售商取得連線將開放50家店面在伍斯特星期六（ 2月28日） 。
“那你应该去看看。” 伦纳德说。	“Then you should see one, ” Leonard said.
The supercooled austenite transforms into friable martensite layer during the following rapid cooling process, leading to cracking and spalling at wheel tread.	過冷奧氏體高速冷卻，幾乎全部形成脆硬的馬氏體薄層，造成踏面剝離。
For example, a cup of Colombo blueberry yogurt contains 36 grams (g) of sugar, only about half of which is found naturally in the yogurt and fruit.	比如說，一杯科倫坡藍莓酸奶含有36克的糖，而在天然的酸奶和水果中只能測出一半的糖含量。
I am confident that you, being the department's next generation, will certainly carry on the excellent tradition of the department in contributing to the prosperity and stability of Hong Kong.	我深信大家作爲入境處年青的新一代，定能秉承部門的優良傳統，爲香港的繁榮安定作出貢獻。
When barotrauma has occurred in the middle ear, it is not unusual for the diver to have a sensation of pressure or fullness and decreased hearing.	當中耳受到氣壓性創傷的時候，潛水者會經常有壓力、塞和聽力下降的感覺。
Opening of the pocket shall be approximately 17cm at an angle of 60o slanting towards the middle of the jacket.	開放的口袋裏約17釐米，應在對一個60度的傾斜角度夾克中。
Time was when biologists somewhat overworked the evidence that these creatures preserve the health of game by killing the physically weak, or that they prey only on "worthless" species.	曾幾何時，生物學家有點過分強調了一種證據，即這些動物是通過獵殺弱小動物保護其獵物整體的健康生存（數量平衡），或者說它們只捕獵“豪無價值”的動物物種。
Only God radiates at level seven.	只有上帝才能達到第七級。
Five kinds of sulfa drugs residues in prawn were determined by RP-HPLC simultaneously.	採用反相高效液相色譜法，同時測定對蝦中的五種磺胺類藥物殘留。
No haircut, just a shave.	不要剪髮，只要修面。
He felt browned off when he heard that he waw dismissed.	當他聽到自己被解職時感到很不痛快。
The dissertation consists of introduction and four parts.	全文分爲緒論和四個主要章節。
This is a foreign exchange trader direct experience.	這是一個外匯交易的直接經驗。
The core group of itricsa plan co-works with a local farmer, A-ding to try the new breed of cucumber supplied by Know-you co.	工研院CSA 測試農場的核心小組與當地的農民阿燈一起在第三號測試田栽種農友公司所提供的新品種小黃瓜。
Ecosystems will find themselves subject to climates far removed from those they evolved in, endangering many species.	在氣候的管轄下，生態系統將會與以前有很大的改變，並且危害許多物種。
Saute garlic and onions in some oil, add in beef dices and cook until half done, add in champagne to cook for a while.	用少許油炒香蒜茸、洋蔥碎，後加入肉粒略炒至五成熟，再加入香檳酒煮滾。
Long-term consumption of the diacylglycerol oil will assistant treat clinical metabolic diseases.	因此，長期食用甘油二酯食用油可以輔助治療臨牀多種代謝性疾病。
There are a lot of animal words in English and Chinese. Many of them have gradually gained their own metaphorical meanings with the development of the human society.	英語和漢語中均存在着大量與動物有關的詞語，隨着人類社會的發展，動物詞語逐漸附加了特有的文化喻義。
Beijing aviation club was ordered to suspend operations after a microlight aircraft crashed into the Ming Tombs reservoir on May 2, killing the student pilot and injuring his instructor.	就在上週日，一架動力三角翼超輕型飛機在北京十三陵水庫墜毀，機上實習駕駛員遇難，教練受傷。
America’s operators have long insisted that open-access requirements would destroy their incentive to build fast, new networks: why bother if you will be forced to share it?	美國的運營商很久以來堅持說開放通絡的要求將摧毀他們建設快速新網絡的動力: 如果你被強迫共享這個網絡就別碰它好了.
Trigonometric functions are selected for boths sets of the basis and the testing functions.	基函數系和檢驗函數系分別取爲三角函數。
"If it has a risk profile that fits into our allocation, we'll buy some," Mr. Gao said. "But don't expect us to buy more than our risk appetite would take.	“如果該債券的風險預測符合我們資金配置，我們會買一些，”高說，“但不要期望我們購買時超出我們風險承受能力。”
He stood, huddled by the open fire, gazing at the dying embers.	他只是木然地站在爐火旁，看着那漸漸滅去的灰燼。
The yttria stabilized zirconia(YSZ) electrolyte is fabricated by plaster casting method.	採用注漿法制備了釔穩定化氧化鋯（YSZ）電解質。
Filtration was used to purify wine, and some people in the Greco-Roman period used sedimentation to clarify their water.	過濾被用於純化葡萄酒，而沉降早在古希臘一羅馬時代即被人們用於淨化飲用水。
Vortex pump (also known as eddy current pump) is a vane pump.	漩渦泵（也稱渦電流泵）是一種 葉片泵。
How many loved your moments of glad grace, And loved your beauty with love false or true, But one man loved the pilgrim soul in you, And loved the sorrow of your changing face.	多少人真情假意，愛過你的美麗，愛過你歡樂而迷人的青春，唯獨一個愛你朝聖者的心，愛你日益凋謝的臉上的哀慼。
If that’s the case, then even turning a light on for a few seconds while you visit the lavatory during the night can cause levels of melatonin to fall, making it hard to get back to sleep.	如果有這種情況，那麼你晚上即使上廁所開燈幾秒鐘也會造成降低你的褪黑激素水平，再次引起睡眠障礙。
Tadokoro has offered the use of a snakelike robot that can enter tight spaces and use a camera to survey them, which could be helpful in collapsed buildings.	田所悟志（Satoshi Tadokoro）提供了一種蛇形機器人，這種機器人可以進入狹小空間，並用照相機進行搜尋，還可以用在倒塌的建築物中。
Based on a description of the methods of quantitative measurement of the potential productivity of agriculture, it further calculated the main crop potential productivities in Deyang city.	本文在簡述了農業生產潛力定量測度方法的基礎上，計算和分析了德陽市主要作物生產潛力。
According to their experience, the authors disscuss all kinds of measuring methods and application scope about the vibration of generating uit. Figs 7 and tables 2.	作者根據所從事的工作經驗所得，詳細介紹了關於機組振動的各種測量方法和應用範圍。
In addition, pulse oximetry was unavailable in nearly 20 percent of the surgical sites worldwide and absent more than half the time in low-income regions.	此外，世界範圍內有接近20%的外科手術站點沒有脈搏血氧儀，而在低收入地區，超過一半的手術室根本沒有該儀器。
In this template the governance board owns the governance work-products and policies which apply to all of the communities.	在此模板中，治理委員會擁有應用於所有團體的治理工作產品。
Observers said the impact could be mostly symbolic, as the details suggest the move is temporary and will affect a traditionally slow-selling period.	觀察者說，其影響可能主要是象徵性的，因爲從細節來看，這一舉措只是暫時的，影響的是傳統上銷售不旺的一段時期。
On the basis of the investigation, there are above 57 species of pest insects which attack apricot tree, about 19 species of which are serious ones.	根據調查和記載，新疆危害杏樹的害蟲有57種之多，其中主要的有19種。
You don’t love Melanie.	你是不愛梅蘭妮的。
And the health-care efficacy of blue berry is widely acknowledged and praised by authorities.	並且藍莓的健康功效在研究與實踐中得到了廣泛的認可和諸多讚譽。
When we asked a few guys what these jeans said about the ladies wearing them, their reactions ranged from dropped jaws to total confusion. (Spoiler alert: The word silhouetteis mystifyingto guys!	當我們向男士詢問對女性牛仔褲的看法時，他們的反應有些讓我們目瞪口呆，有些則讓我們風中淩亂（提前劇透：對於男人來說輪廓這個詞很神祕）。
Introduces the request of the gaseous fire-extinguishing system fire test and test procedure in ISO14520-1 Gaseous fire-extinguishing systems-Physical properties and system design.	文章介紹了ISO 14520-1氣體滅火系統——物理性能和系統設計中對氣體滅火系統滅火試驗的要求和試驗步驟。
One of the white-robed men walked forward, carrying an embroidered dark blue stole in his hands.	其中一名白袍人走上前來，手捧一件深藍色鑲邊的斗篷。
Take the lead to a new international strategy image exhibition listed in the public eye!	率先以全新的國際化戰略形象展列在大衆眼中！
Apart from the fact that twenty-seven acts of Parliament govern the terms of advertising, no regular advertiser dare promote a product that fails to live up to the promise of his advertisements.	除了國會制定的二十七項法案對廣告詞加以約束之外，沒有哪個專職廣告商膽敢推銷與廣告承諾不符的產品。
The data is processed with pseudosectionof apparent resistivity.	用擬斷面圖做資料處理解釋。
Their source was like an asthenospheric mantle of ocean-island basalt and geosphere was also involved in the magma rising and eructating process.	其源區可能是源於一種似洋島玄武岩源的軟流圈地幔源，並且在岩漿上侵噴發過程發生了岩石圈的捲入。
By using the diversity index, insect community structure in different vegetation were studied from June to August in 2004 in Langfang region in the northern part of the North China Plain.	應用生物多樣性指數分析了河北省廊坊市不同林木類型中昆蟲羣落結構特徵。
The title, which is considered the nation's top poet honor, is nominated by the British government and appointed by the Queen.	桂冠詩人這一稱號由英國政府提名，女王任命，是英國詩界至高無上的榮譽。
This land, which once barred the way of tired travelers, now has become a land for winter and summer vacations, a land of magic and wonders.	這個地方現在已經成了冬夏兩季的度假勝地，風光景物，蔚爲奇觀；而從前精疲力竭的旅遊者都只能到此止步。（分譯法）
Using this data set there is a one-to-one column mapping between the flat file data and the database tables.	在平面文件數據源和數據庫表之間存在的這個數據集有一個一對一的欄位之間的映射，。
God Bless America, land that I love. Stand beside her, and guide her through the night with a light from above.	上帝保佑美國，那片我熱愛的土地。與她並肩而立，並在上天之光指引下帶領她度過夜晚。
President Hu Jintao will hold talks with him tomorrow morning, and Chairman Wu Bangguo as well as Vice Premier Li Keqiang will meet with him respectively tomorrow afternoon.	明天上午，胡錦濤主席將與巴希爾總統舉行會談。 明天下午，吳邦國委員長、李克強副總理將分別與他會見。
“I’d anticipate that that will likely be one of the stops,” Gibbs replied.	吉布斯答道，“我會預期那很可能是這次訪問中的一站”。
This method could be applied to the ingredient analysis and further quality control of Coptis chinensis and its medicinal preparations.	此方法爲進一步控制黃連藥材及其製劑的質量提供依據。
At the forum, Zhu Keming introduced Panyu animation entertainment industry associations and business development strengths and animation industry trends and so on.	座談會上，朱克明介紹了 番禺動漫遊藝行業協會以及 動漫產業企業發展優勢和發展趨勢等情況。
His style is very lucid .	他的文體很明暢。
The countess shook her head disapprovingly and wrathfully at every solemn expression in the manifesto.	伯爵夫人不以爲然地忿忿地搖搖頭以反對宣言的每一個雄壯威嚴的句子。
Although his work has been seen in group exhibitions, this will be the first solo exhibition in the United States of an artist who is now recognized as China's leading performance artist.	作爲公認的中國目前最具代表性的行爲藝術家，何雲昌曾在美國參加各種羣展，但這次在前波畫廊的展覽將是這位藝術家第一次在美國舉辦個人展覽。
We further develop and highlight control-oriented approaches with particular emphasis on the question of what organizations should do next.	我們進一步深入討論控制導向的方法，特別強調組織下一步應該從事的事情。
This is the VOA Special English Health Report. The word "metastasize" means to change form, state or position. It is not a word cancer patients want to hear.	“轉移”這個詞的意思就是變化形式、狀態、位置，是個癌症患者不願聽到的詞。
The volume also contains the CASR Number Index, a Chemical Name Index and a CD-ROM which allows fast full text index search.	卷也包含CASR號碼索引，一化學名字索引和哪個允許快全文索引搜尋的一CD-ROM。
At this time, there was a male cat.	這次是一隻小公貓。
The truth has leaked out.	事實真相已泄露。
However, it has the characteristic of high-elasticity, anti-wear, anti-aging, anti-corrode and anti-heat, anti-shock.	而且該產品具有較好的彈性，而磨、耐熱、耐寒、耐老化、耐酸鹼腐蝕、防潮溼、防滑、防震等特點。
In Los Angeles you need to take a connecting flight to New York.	在洛杉磯您需要轉乘中轉聯程航班到紐約。
When Bela died, Jobab son of Zerah from Bozrah succeeded him as king.	比拉死了，波斯拉人謝拉的兒子約巴接續他作王。
He became garrulous after a few glasses of wine.	他幾杯酒下肚之後便嘮嘮叨叨說個沒完。
"Yinziwu" is warm in winter and cool in summer, making it a good place for living.	洪江古商城的窨子屋冬暖夏涼，十分適宜居住。
Once the public keys are available, encrypted (S/MIME) messages can be sent between the users.	一旦獲得了公開密鑰，兩個用戶就可以相互發送加密（S/MIME）的消息。
The results showed that the macrostructure, the composition of the crystal phase and the catalytic activity of the catalyst are related to the calcining temperature.	結果表明：焙燒溫度對催化劑的宏觀結構、晶相組成和催化活性均有影響；
Get simply very dinkum , calm very thoroughly.	簡單得很純粹，平靜得很徹底。
Somatostatin is a kind of cytokine having general biologic activity, and has strongly inhibitory action on neuroendocrine tumor.	生長抑素是一種具有廣泛生物學活性的物質，對神經內分泌腫瘤有較強的抑制作用。
They spend long hours staring at the screen with few breaks.	他們長時間地注視屏幕，幾乎不休息。
Little Nancy was in the garden filling in a hole when her neighbor peered over the fence.	小楠希正在鄰居家果園裏填一個坑，他的鄰居從柵欄那邊盯着看。
Of the 5, 003 consumers surveyed, more than half (53%) had no frustrations with any aspect of their holiday experience.	在5003位受訪者當中，超過半數（53%）的人對他們的度假體驗的任何一方面都不感到失望。
If the above-mentioned conditions can be improved, the efficiencies of the stratified sampling and the ranked set sampling are quite higher than that of the simple random sampling.	如果能夠改善分析技術與多建置前置資訊，分層採樣與排序組合將較簡單隨機採樣節省大量採樣經費。
They have a high static and dynamic load capability, have good frictional properties with negligible stick-slip and resist solvents due to no water absorption making them dimensionally stable.	他們具有較高的靜態和動態負載能力，具有良好的摩擦性能，並且不粘滑和抵禦溶劑由於沒有水分的吸收使其尺寸穩定。
I'm way too old to party this much, but you have to make an exception for something that took us 80 years to win.	以我這歲數不應該玩這麼兇，但是我們等了80年纔拿到世界盃冠軍，可以破個例了。
In other words, be tactful, but don’t be afraid to give your honest opinion.	換言之，要機智，但是別怕發表你真實的意見。
But I said, "What's your name?"	但我問，“你叫什麼名字？“
"The push of 3-D to consumers has come from TV and computer device makers, but the content is lagging, " says Hurst. "Enabling people to make their own is a good complement."	“電視和電腦製造商將3D概念帶到消費者面前，但讓人們創造自己的3D作品的軟件卻滯後了，”Hurst說到。
Russia is the world's largest energy exporter, and has plenty of its own metals and minerals.	俄羅斯是世界最大的能源出口國，而且自己就擁有很多金屬和礦產品。
As far as the plot goes, we know how it's going to end.	我們知道故事情節將怎樣結束。
The insect was crying for help, as a black bird at a not too far distance was preparing to attack him.	這隻昆蟲在喊救命，因爲一隻黑鳥在不遠處正準備捕捉它。
Moral and the benefit intrinsic compliance, indicates that the enterprise undertakes the community responsibility inevitability;	道德與利益的內在依從性，預示着企業承擔社會責任的必然性；
As for Ruby (and DLTK in general): First of all, DLTK (including Ruby component) is a platform: we had no intention to cover all the end-user requested features from the beginning.	關於Ruby（還有通常所說的DLTK）：第一，DLTK（包括Ruby組件）是一個平臺：我們一開始就沒打算滿足所有終端用戶的需求。
A group of American Indians are making camp; as if by magic the teepees are erected and home comfort established.	一羣印第安人正在搭帳篷，即使此時已經有帳篷被建造好而且家裏很舒服。
A: I learned to negotiate from my mother. I thought I was pretty good at bargaining, but I had a problem the other day at Kimble's Department Store.	我從我媽媽那裏學會了殺價。我原以爲我很會討價還價，但是不久前一天在金博商場，我就有過一點麻煩。
At the end of the term, you typically get no cash back.	固定年限到期後，你一般不會得到任何現金返還。
At last, the general equation for separation of high order definite err…	最後給出了分離多階確定性誤差的通式。
Are there any golfers here.	這裏有沒有打高球的。
There was the nifty bounce pass into the post by China's Sun Yue, expertly delivered at the proper height and to the proper hand of Ali Traore of the Ivory Coast for a score.	中國球員孫悅很漂亮的反彈球傳到籃下，非常準確和舒服到了象牙海岸球員的手裏讓他打中得分。
On one hand, it promoted real estate market in sponsor cities strongly, which was one of the exhibitions of "Olympics economy".	在此基礎上，分析了奧運會對舉辦城市在旅遊需求、危舊房改造以及城市人口等方面的拉動作用從而影響房地產市場的發展。
Physical Isolation Gap is an enterprise-class isolation technology which these problems can be solved.	隔離網閘是一項企業級的物理隔離技術，它的產生正是爲了解決網絡安全中存在的上述問題。
You know, It's private property, so in theory, they're not there legally.	你知道，那是私有土地，所以理論上，他們是非法住在那裏的。
We must be cautious, however.	然而，我們必須小心謹慎。
My laundry is not ready yet.	我送洗的衣物尚未洗好。
Francesco Vezzoli, an Italian artist who is a good friend of Prada's and was sitting to her left, suggested that the designer had little choice: 'You're a star, and other stars around you Twitter.'	普拉達的好朋友、意大利藝術家弗朗西索科•維佐利(Francesco Vezzoli)正坐在她的左邊，維佐利暗示普拉達她沒什麼選擇：“你是個明星，你身邊的其他明星們都Twitter。”
Arsène Wenger is focused on his own team's improvement - and not Tottenham.	據阿森納官網報道，在新聞發佈會上，溫格表示他只關注自己球隊的進展和改進，並不特別關注熱刺。
The graceful elder brother beautiful women, come quickly!	帥哥美女們，快來吧！
Closed laser intensity Langevin equation is got.	得到封閉的光強朗之萬方程。
There was nothing to fall back on so valvular surgery without an artificial valve - at least as a backup - was a very dangerous game to play.	所以，沒有人造瓣膜的瓣膜手術是一個非常危險的遊戲。
I will provide some key differences and present a case for why web services based on SOAP technology encompass a better distributed-computing solution.	我將提供一些關鍵區別，並舉例說明爲什麼基於 SOAP 技術的 Web 服務擁有更好的分佈式計算解決方案。
Don't try to do it all: Founders of start-up companies often talk about how, in the early days, they do everything from develop the product to take out the trash.	儘量別大包大攬。 初創公司的創始人經常會談到公司剛起步時，從開發產品到扔垃圾什麼都做過。
B. The college I applied to has accepted me.	我報了名的學院已經錄取了我。
A young boy descends into a saphire mine in southern Madagascar.	一個小男孩下到馬達加斯加南部的一個藍寶石礦裏。
Mezzo-soprano Marilyn Horne is featured in a program of arias and overtures with Martin Katz conducting the Orchestra della Svizzera Italiana.	女中音瑪麗蓮霍恩是在採用的詠歎調和馬丁卡茨姿態進行樂團意大利語區的計劃。
Now we can see all kinds of rubbish bin in the streetin the parkin the community and so on. And waste sorting is now deeply rooted in people's mind.	現在我們可以在街上看到各種垃圾箱，在公園裏，在社區等等，垃圾分類已經深入人心。
If there are chaos in the society, your planning cannot precede them.	人道沒有出現禍亂的時候，不可先策劃興師。
Abour and gallery has practicability and high ornamental effect, it is used in formula and natural garden.	植物涼亭和綠廊既有實用性又有觀賞性，應用在規則園和自然園中。
Conclusion Coronary anomaly has its clinical significance, but need further study.	結論冠狀動脈變異有一定的臨牀意義，但是尚有待進一步研究。
The headwords in this dictionary are in bold type.	本詞典的詞條用的是粗體字。
Existing platforms, tools, or methods have reached end-of-life or do not offer adequate support and need to be replaced by more modern solutions.	已經存在的平臺、工具或者方法已經走到盡頭或者不能再提供適當的支持了，它們需要被更加現代化的解決方案所替代。
The sex games that start with such light laughter and smooching now got all dark and interesting. The more inventive the guy, the more creative it got.	前戲的歡笑和親吻曾被認爲是如此的輕浮和不堪，在現在看來反而是讓人性致盎然的事情.在性福的道路上，創意無限，則樂趣無限。
With the larger number of people currently unemployed (and under-employed), many employers are being inundated with huge numbers of applications for any positions they post.	如今有的失業（低薪屈就）人員，公司一發布招聘信息就會被如潮的應徵信淹沒。
Actors have a few tricks to help them cry on cue.	演藝圈的人們有一些技巧，可以幫助他們在劇情需要時流淚。
It will be easy to evade, and traditional law-enforcement approaches are a better way to handle such problems than messing with the internet's plumbing.	本來有更簡單的方法來防止類似問題的發生，而不應該僅僅去堵塞網絡數據管道。
Firstly, China should have a development program for young fencers .	第一，中國應有一項培養少年兒童擊劍運動員的發展計劃；
Delivering the cleanest data with the minimum intervention Vicon iQ takes the hard work out of the Motion Capture process.	以最少的干涉獲得最爲乾淨的數據。Vicon iQ使動作捕捉進程變得不再困難。
The dynamic tracking experimental curves of two-dimension rotating floor, which are acquisitioned in different movement velocities of simulation, imply the better tracking accuracy of the system.	通過對模擬仿真臺在不同運動速度時的二維轉檯動態跟蹤實驗結果分析表明模擬演示系統有較好的跟蹤精度。
Rome and the British experience shows that once the situation started to deteriorate on the powerless.	羅馬和英國的經歷表明，形勢一旦開始惡化就無力迴天。
2: Living Proof :Jane and Maura comb for clues in the murder of a pregnant surrogate mother.	第2集：居住證明：在懷孕的代孕母親的謀殺案的線索簡和莫拉梳。
Suzou Tanci and P'ansori are both a comprehensive art with literature, music and performance well combined.	蘇州彈詞與盤索裏是由文學、音樂、表演這三者相互烘托、有機融合而成的綜合藝術。
Formerly known as Southern Dynasty Temple, Daoguang reign (1821-1850), Old Venerable Wisdom collected alms and built, changed its name to Bamboo Hidden Temple .	原名爲南朝庵，清朝道光年間（ 1821-1850 ），由智慧老僧募化建成，更名爲竹隱禪寺。
They hope that under autonomous English learning (AEL) environment, the students have more interests to learn English and are more active to learn.	因此，越來越多的教師着力於開發學生的自主學習語言的能力。
Too many magazines like to feature sleek models on the cover.	太多的雜誌喜歡用時尚模特兒作封面。
Experience is a gift being given.	履歷是一份禮品，我們正在被付與着。
An image denosing method which combine wavelet packet transform with median filter used in the system of the online measuring of pellets diameters was presented.	提出了一種將小波包變換和中值濾波相結合的球團礦圖像去噪方法。
There is no doubt that travelling broadens one’s mind and enlarge/improve/increase one’s knowledge.	毫無疑問，旅行使人開闊眼界，增長知識。
However, the man was a gambler. < /p> < p> I have to pick up "county" to report takahashi.	然而，這人竟是個賭徒。 餘得水帶着《縣誌》向高橋彙報。
How do you find an ‘Island of Misfit Foods’ near you?	你是如何尋找周圍的“非適當食品小島”的呢？
His friend, Patroclus, borrowed his armour and went out to change the situation of war, but was killed by Hector, the eldest son of Priam.	阿基里斯的朋友，普特洛克勒斯借走了他的盔甲以扭轉戰局。 很不幸，他死在了皮安姆的大兒子海克特的手下。
It can be discovered by accident, and the key is to build trust and more cooperation and communication.	這其中的關鍵就是你與別人建立信任與他有跟多的合作，溝通和了解。
Revolving pushing is one of the methods of pushing shot.	旋轉推鉛是推鉛球的方法之一。
The Financial Times Deutschland newspaper reported that euro-zone nations are leaning on Portugal to seek aid in order to prevent the much larger economy of Spain from having to do the same.	據《德國金融時報》報道，歐元區各國認爲葡萄牙將尋求需求經濟援助，防止西班牙的主權債務危機繼續蔓延。
Someone you least expect could be trying to make you look bad.	有人可能會想讓你出醜，這個人是你意想不到的。
The Console should indicate that both subscribers received a copy of the message.	控制檯應該指示兩個訂戶均收到了該消息的複本。
All patients recovered after operation except 1 case died of diabetes insipidus.	絕大多數患者手術後恢復良好，僅1例死於尿崩症。
The thesis analyses the key technology of computer parallel architecture by constructing a system for dual-computer system parallel processing.	本文通過構建一個並行處理雙機系統分析了計算機並行系統的關鍵技術。
The diamond is of the highest color grading for a white diamond and clarity ranking.	這顆鑽石具有白鑽石最高的顏色評級和淨度。
It is about an anti-family political movement that encourages women to leave their husbands, kill their children, practice  witchcraft and become lesbians.	這是一場反家庭的政治運動，煽動婦女們遺棄自己的丈夫，殺死自己的孩子，實施巫術，併成爲拉拉。
How does ability overcome my old self-abased psychology? Very irritated!	怎樣才能克服我多年的自卑心理呢？ 好煩啊！
This system traps the gasoline vapor escaping from the fuel tank and carburetor.	這個系統能收集從燃油箱和化油器泄漏出來的汽油蒸氣。
Introduce the mechanism of Enhanced External counterpulsation (EECP) decreasing cardiac after-load, analyze the cause affecting the safe guard in treatment, list the operating points of EECP.	介紹體外反搏降低心臟後負荷的機理，分析影響治療安全的原因，提出反搏治療的操作要點。
Countries should pursue the concept of sustainable development, strengthen macro policy coordination and ensure the growth of world economy.	各國應該秉持可持續發展理念，加強宏觀政策協調，協力保持世界經濟增長。
In the case of non-compliance of the requirements in the Guidelines, the amount of sponsorship received shall be promptly repaid to the Government.	如未能遵行上述指引的規定，會盡快悉數歸還已獲發的資助款項予政府。
The trouble, Goodall reflects a little sadly, is that the rise of aggressive materialism has made such a categorical position look quaint, if not outright lampoonable.	古多爾反映了一點悲哀，麻煩的是，具有侵犯性的唯物主義的興起使得如此明確的立場顯得離奇有趣，要不就是具有嘲諷的意味。
Klaus Regling, head of the European Financial Stability Facility – the bailout fund – will try to sell the plan to leaders in Beijing on Friday.	週五，歐洲金融穩定基金---救助基金---負責人克勞斯·雷格林打算向北京的領導人出售這項計劃。
But there were obvious spring and strong photoperiodism tendencies among present big spike cultivars. These need to improvement.	近期育成的大穗品種多有明顯的春性化、強感光性，需要加以改進。
This weekend, perhaps as a conciliatory gesture, China announced that Prime Minister Wen Jiabao would travel to Seoul, the South Korean capital, at the end of the month.	這個週末，或許是爲了安撫韓國的情緒，中國安排溫家寶總理在本月末訪問韓國首都首爾。
Having maintained all through life the guilelessness of a child, he laughed at the idea of a man's being led astray by the senses.	他貫穿一生都保持着赤子之心。他嘈笑人格神的想法是受到感官的誤導。
I still have a lot of things to learn, coming to Chelsea is a new challenge for me.	我仍然有很多東西要學，到切爾西來對我來講是一次全新的挑戰。
Eric Suen Yiu Wai and Chan Fa La felt embarrassed when they were playing heartbeat measurement.	孫耀威和陳法拉玩量度心跳，都感尷尬。
The branch or bud that is grafted is called the scion.	嫁接上去的枝或芽被稱爲接穗。
Interfacial strength would be increased between carbon nanotubes and metal-matrix through electroless plating a continuous layer of copper on carbon nanotubes.	通過化學鍍在碳納米管表面鍍上一層連續的銅鍍層，以改善碳納米管與金屬基體的潤溼性，增強界面結合力。
The mizzenmast came up through the floor and a large 4 x 6 chart table sat in the middle of the room.	後桅從地板上穿出，一張闊大的4乘6的海圖桌踞於房間的中間。
People watch the national flag raising ceremony at the Tian\anmen Square in Beijing, capital of China, Oct. 1, 2008.	2008年10月1日，人們在中國首都北京天安門廣場觀看升旗儀式。
In some organizations the concept of "defect" has many legal ramifications , therefore the term "non-conformance" may be substituted.	在某些組織裏，”缺陷”的概念有許多法律引申，因此也可以用”不符合”一詞來代替。
He quotes the Asian expression that "the peg that stands out is pounded down" as evidence of deep differences in the way Asians and Westerners think about individuality.	他引用亞洲諺語“人怕出名豬怕壯”，作爲亞洲人和西方人對個體性的認知存在深刻分歧的證據。
For this reason above all—their capacity for good—I have sent them you, my only son.	最重要的原因是，他們心地善良，所以我才把你送去地球，我唯一的兒子。
Process change method was used to improve water-using system in iron works for minimizing wastewater generation.	將過程改變法應用到鐵廠用水系統改造中，對其用水網絡進行調優，實現廢水排放量最小化。
So it's a kind of machine which take advantage of fatigue-fracture.	因而，它是一種化害爲利，利用疲勞斷裂下料的機械。
The bright colours on the wall caught our attention.	牆壁上鮮豔的顏色吸引了我們的注意力。
Speed and athletic ability: Is there any active fighter who can even come close to matching Pacquiao's breathtaking speed, agility and explosiveness?	速度及競技能力 ： 有任何現役的拳手----哪怕能接近帕奎奧那令人驚歎的速度、敏捷和爆炸性嗎？
The chemical compositions, mechanical properties, solidification crack risistance and intergranular corrosion risistance of HT-105 electrode for welding of 690 alloy are introduced in this paper.	介紹了焊接690合金焊條HT-105的化學成分、力學性能、抗熱裂性能和抗晶間腐蝕性能。
It also makes setting the optimization goal more conducive to a tuning-on-the-fly strategy.	此外，這也使得設置優化目標更加有助於動態調優策略。
Gay men and lesbians, for their part, ought to remember, on the way home from Niagara Falls, that it was drag queens and transsexuals at Stonewall who began this fight.	對於男女同性戀者，他們應該銘記，就在他們從尼亞加拉大瀑布回家的途中，是那些男扮女裝的人和易性人在Stonewall開始了這場鬥爭。
At Hillbrow they said, ‘We don't like foreigners; you are thieves.'	在Hillbrow，他們對我說：‘我們不喜歡外國人；你們都是小偷。
Full-time study form, system for three years.	全日制學習形式，學制三年。
Drug-eluting stents may reduce the rate of ischemic events in patients with a low restenosis rate.	藥物洗脫支架可降低缺血事件發生頻率，且再狹窄率低。
For instance, the film lifts a fictional line from the Japanese admiral directly from "Tora!"	比如電影用了一條日本艦隊司令的虛構的臺詞”虎！
Recently, many researchers try to handle coreference resolution with statistical machine learning and gain some achievement.	近年來，許多學者嘗試利用統計機器學習的方法來進行共指消解並取得了一定的進展。
And an additional localized thin current sheet and asymmetric partial ring current are introduced into the event-oriented model G03.	事件導向模式G03增加了非對稱環電流和局地窄尾流片效應。
Schwarzenegger said he would continue to favour a bi-partisan approach as he seeks to build a legacy in his final four years in office.	阿諾表示，他將繼續支持兩黨合作的道路，在他最後的四年任期裏繼續努力。
The De Xin Hai, carrying 76, 000 tonnes of coal from South Africa to India, was captured 550 miles north-east of the Seychelles yesterday morning.	“德新海”號，昨天上午在塞舌爾東北部550英里處，在從南非向印度運輸7.6萬噸煤炭的途中，被海盜劫持，哈拉爾代雷位於索馬里東海岸，以海盜活動聞名，“德新海”號貨船很可能被劫持至此。
Precise design of complete machine, compact conformation, handiness and simplicity.	整機設計精緻，結構緊湊，操作方便簡潔。
Color the tall tree green, and color the short one yellow.	把高的樹塗成綠色，把矮的樹塗成黃色。
Scout with the Sandman has considerably less health than usual. Use this to your advantage.	裝備睡魔的偵查兵會擁有較少的血量，請記得這點當作你的優勢之一。
And what is the essence of that strange and bittermiracle of life which we feel so poignantly, so unutterably, with such a bitter pain and joy, when we are young?	這種我們如此痛苦強烈的感受着奇特而痛苦的生命的奇蹟的本質是什麼？我們何時年輕？
Linda phoned me in on arrival so that I know she was safe and sound.	琳達到達後給我打了電話，因而我知道她平安無事。
“You hear people saying that they are going to stick with their private sector job, before going off and doing ‘something more worthwhile',” Colette Hill, chief executive of CHA, says.	CHA首席執行官科萊特希爾(Colette Hill)稱：“你會聽到人們說，他們目前會繼續爲私營企業效力，今後則打算離開去做‘更有意義的工作'。”
The main reason for the formulation of liability system in private law is the breach of legal or agreed duty, the direct aim of which is to set a negative assessment in law.	私法責任制度設定的直接原因是違反了法定或約定的義務，直接目的是要歸結出一種法律上的否定性評價。
This weight of evidence is something mystical and unanalyzable .	證據的重要性是神祕不可解的。
InJanuary 1980, a 56-year-old Frenchman, who had visited Kitum Cave in Kenya’s Mount Elgon National Park, became infected.	在1980年1月，一名56歲法國人在參觀肯尼亞埃爾岡山國家公園的Kitum 洞穴後受感染。
The safety valve shall feature a raised seat and non-mechanical disc alignment.	安全閥必須配置凸出的閥座和非機械式閥瓣排列。
Dr Ala Alwan is Assistant Director-General for Noncommunicable Diseases and Mental Health since 1 February 2008.	Alwan博士於2008年2月1日起擔任主管非傳染病和精神衛生的助理總幹事。
Produced by emulsion polymerization in a similar way to styrene-butadiene rubber processes, yielding both "hot" and "cold" rubbers.	生產方法是乳液聚合，和苯乙烯-丁二烯橡膠的生產過程相似，得到“熱”橡膠和“冷”橡膠。
The benefit of the universal law of gravitation is that it allows us to calculate the gravitational pull between any two objects.	萬有引力定律令我們能夠計算出任意兩物體之間的引力。
In the not-so-distant past, these sectors were discrete - and that was how they competed. A television station, for example, generally competed with other television stations.	就在不久之前這些領域都是各自爲政的，他們的競爭也是完全毫不相干的，比如說電視臺僅僅和其他的電視臺競爭，報紙僅僅和其他的報紙競爭。
Same as previously… We'll try to put in all article in a booklet and give it to JJ when he's in Malaysia next time.	就如之前一樣。後援會嘗試把所有的文章放入後援會自制的小本子內，然後送給林俊杰。
Abdominal obesity was present and more severe in 85.7% of the 50 years or younger group compared with 77% of the older patients.	在小於等於50歲年齡組中存在腹部肥胖而且很嚴重有85.7％，相比之下老年組患者爲77％。
In this paper, the evolution of the field of the interaction between three-level cascade atom and the single mode coherent field under the Rotating-Wave Approximation (RWA) has been investigated.	研究了旋波近似下級聯型三能級原子與單模相干場相互作用的場熵演化規律 ，討論了原子與場模間的耦合係數和初始場的平均光子數對場熵演化的影響 。
The structural mechanics analysis shows that the bending moment of column end increases sharply once the beam end fails. As a result, the plane frame structure fails in advance.	研究結果表明，在水平力作用下，框架樑端屈服將導致框架柱底端彎矩急劇增大，平面框架結構將提前屈服。
These smart phones sell for as little as $100, where a real name-brand version might sell for three to six times that much.	這樣的手機售價僅爲100美元，而正版貨售價是其的三到六倍。
Material evidence must also be original.	物證應當提交原物。
Now I guess that the knife must be very expensive because it was a real Mongolian knife, even though today it is also a treasure that its price is extremely high.	現在我想起來，那刀子一定很貴，那是把真正的蒙古刀；即便在今天，它也是價格不菲的一種財寶。
While she's there she's participating in Canine Connections a program that brings unwanted dogs and incarcerated kids together.	在此期間，她參加了卡寧聯繫社，這是一個將被遺棄的流浪狗與受監禁的孩子在一同生活的的項目。
Afghanistan's Second Vice President Abdul Karim Khalili was present at the meeting as guest of the host country.	阿富汗第二副總統哈利利作爲東道國客人出席會議。
It mainly referred to the system of election and assuming term for government officials.	主要是指羅馬官吏的選舉制、任期制；
Iclear own this do not have the ability robel.	我自己清楚自己更本沒有能力逆天。
Mr. Jiang Shaochuan :Professor of Central China Normal University, a well-known poetry commentator.	推薦人：江少川先生：詩評家，華中師範大學教授。
From the point of its history, the party progress exemplifies in the whole process of the new democratic revolution, which was the inevitable tendency of the development.	從黨誕生的歷史看，黨的先進性體現於整個新民主主義革命的進程之中，這是歷史發展的必然趨勢。
And the thesis analysed factors of the effect on price of bonds, current affairs and melees by warlords had great effect on price of bonds mainly.	以中原大戰爲例分析了影響公債價格漲落的因素，主要是時局與軍閥混戰對公債價格漲落的影響。
You should take to your dietician about how to minimise these problems.	您所應採取的到您的營養師有關如何儘量減少這些問題。
When a trend change develops the second rally rebound is more successful in breaking above the upper edge of the long term GMMA.	當一次趨勢變化形成的時候，第二次反彈將更成功地突破到顧比複合移動平均線長期組上邊緣之上。
Then I dictated to her in my office some letters of instructions to my district managers.	然後，我在辦公室向她口授了幾封說明書給我的地區經理們。
The analysis of the community important value showed that Pinus Massamiana and Cyclobalanopsis Glauan was the main dominant species in the community.	羣落重要值分析表明馬尾松和青岡是該羣落的主要優勢種。
Tell him it's important... Thanks.	告訴他,我打他有急事...謝謝.
See  Taxonomy functions for more information.	更多信息參見  分類法函數。
and knowing that the sound image correlative to the concept tree is "arbor," right, arbor I can think of something like that , something in some way resembling that.	樹這個詞所對應的聲音形象是,涼亭，對，涼亭,也就是像我畫的樹這樣，至少是像這樣的東西。
Abstr: The paper gives a comprehensive view of recent research progress in the use of denitration technology of Selective Non Catalytic Reduction (SNCR) in Municipal Solid Waste Incinerators.	文章摘要： 全面概述了選擇性非催化還原脫硝技術（SNCR）在城市垃圾焚燒發電鍋爐中的應用研究進展。
Flashbacks, trouble sleeping, and a feeling of numbness are other hallmarks of the disorder.	其他的標誌還有：病理性重現、輾轉難眠、感覺麻木。
How to cool the wort for home brewing blonde beer;	如何爲家庭釀造冷卻麥汁金髮啤酒；
Through the development of specific human rights checklists the department aims to systematically integrate key human rights norms and standards into its tools and guidelines.	通過制定具體的人權清單，兒童和青少年衛生與發育司旨在系統化地把主要人權規範和標準納入到工具和指導方針之中。
After the 1978, there was a obvious increasing trend of groundwater depth, areas of groundwater over-exploited and funnel region;	1978年以來，地下水埋深、超採區和漏斗區面積均明顯增加；
All scoring methods and standards shall be an indivisible part of the bidding documents and be made public to the tenderers .	所有評分方法和標準應當作爲招標文件不可分割的一部分並對投標人公開。
The HipHop gymnastics is used as a health form with the character of times, well-known to so many high vocational students.	街舞健身操作爲健身的一種形式，帶有明顯的時代特徵，而深受當代廣大高職學生的熱衷與喜愛。
A "/" (single slash) in the search path means "return direct children" of the specified type from the current location.	搜索路徑中的 "/"（單斜槓）表示從當前位置 “返回指定類型的直接子節點”。
All individuals remember their source, and now dream of All That Is as It once dreamed of them.	所有的個人都記住他們的來源，象一切全有夢見他們一樣夢見一切全有。
The school is the place where you can make your family dream come ture, is the paradise where the kids can live and study!	南外是你我成就家庭夢想的地方，是孩子們生活、學習的樂園！
The high ceilinged stations are well-ventilated and this makes the passengers feel refreshed.	高天花的地鐵站擁有良好的通風設備，這保證了乘客們的健康。
Then an example of the parallel 4-channel pseudo random number is given to verify the algorithm.	然後以四路並行爲例，對僞隨機序列運算做了仿真驗證。
Articles belonging to the following categories shall be returned outward or shall be kept in the appointed warehouse by the Customs.	旅客攜運屬下列情形的物品，海關不予放行，予以退運或存入海關指定的倉庫。
The two most common types of igneous rocks are granite and basalt.	兩種最普遍的火成岩是花崗岩和玄武岩。
"A lot of clients who were thinking about going to China are now saying, Not at these prices, '" says Sinkin.	“許多正打算去中國的客戶現在卻說不能以這樣的價格過去”，辛金說道。
Conclusion Multi-slice CTVEVC can display bony vertebral canal directly, stereoscopically and more comprehensively, which can offer more useful information for clinical treatment.	結論多層螺旋CT仿真椎管鏡能立體、直觀、全面地展示椎管形態改變，爲臨牀治療提供更充分信息。
Watch how to do a double crochet stitch; learn this and more in this free arts and craft video taught by a crochet expert.	觀看如何做雙鉤針針，學習在這個自由的藝術，並以專家講授工藝鉤針此影片多。
Conclusion Complex treatment is the most effective method for treatment of residual brun wound.	結論綜合治療是治療燒傷殘餘創面的重要方法。
The application of chemical oil displacement agents for high temperature and salinity reservoir was prospected.	分析了高溫高鹽油藏用化學驅油劑的應用前景。
If vessel has double hull or sides are facilities available to inert ballast tanks and other void spaces?	船舶是否是雙層殼或雙層側，設備是否可進入惰氣壓載艙和其他空曠區域？
Interspecific competition occurs between two species using the same limited resource. Very few species can escape from the effects of other species competing for the same resource.	種間競爭發生在利用同樣有限資源的兩物種之間。極少種能夠逃脫其他種與之競爭共同資源的影響。
But even that makes insecure Pakistanis jumpy.	但是即使那樣也使感覺不安全的巴基斯坦人心驚肉跳。
But in the end, Bulger was found closer to home, after a 30-second public-service ad focusing on his girlfriend Catherine Greig led to a tip that brought the police to his door.	但最終，巴格發現離家較近的，經過30秒的公共服務的廣告在他的女友凱瑟琳基利集中導致了警方提示，帶來了他的門。
Gillett and Hicks hired Barclays Capital to put out feelers internationally to find a buyer.	吉列特和希克斯委託巴克萊幫助他們全球尋找買主。
Pompey suffered a humiliating 4-0 defeat at Chelsea, while United could only manage a 1-1 draw with Newcastle at Old Trafford.	朴茨茅斯在第一輪0-4大敗給切爾西，而曼聯則在老特拉福德被紐卡斯爾1-1逼平。
“The economics of the channel have changed and we are looking at that, ” Courtney-Wilds says.	“這一渠道的經濟模式已經改變了，我們正對此進行觀察，”她表示。
From individually-controlled air-conditioning, coffee and tea-making facilities, luxury toiletries, a minibar, and much more, guests can feel right at home during their trip.	從獨立控制的空調系統，咖啡和茶的製作設備，豪華的洗浴用品，迷你吧，以及更多，客人賓至如歸的感覺在他們的行程。
The brother and sister quickly ran.	兄妹倆快步的跑着。
Great perils have beauty, they bring to light the fraternity of strangers.	重大的危難包涵着美，它能讓陌生者之間顯現友愛之情。
The test method and steps of product damage boundary curves based on shock response spectrum were discussed.	討論了基於衝擊響應譜的產品破損邊界曲線具體測試方法與步驟，該測試方法簡單宜行。
As you can see, a vast quantity of the official Ext JS samples and demos are built on user-contributed extensions.	正如您所看到的，大量官方 Ext JS 樣例和演示都是建立在用戶共享的擴展之上的。
White blood cell(WBC) count, erythrocyte sedimentation rate(ESR), and C-reactive protein(CRP) were higher than normal values.	白細胞計數、紅細胞沉降率、高敏C反應蛋白均高於正常值。
It's proving very difficult to peg him down to a definite date for completion.	要規定他限期完成確是十分困難的。
Children pushed in buggies which face away from their parents may suffer long-term emotional and language problems, according to a  study published on Friday.	上週五公佈的一項研究表明，坐童車背對父母的寶寶今後可能會出現情感和語言方面的長期障礙。
To study the expression and the clinical significance of lung resistance-related protein in non-Hodgkin's lymphomas patients.	目的研究非霍奇金淋巴瘤中肺耐藥相關蛋白的表達及其臨牀意義。
In this paper, the essential elements and fundamentals for design of the data are introduced, and an example is given for illustration.	文中介紹了站場形數據結構的各組成要素，舉例說明其設計原理，最後指出了構造站場形數據結構所必須遵循的原則。
In the 16 months since the first graft, the ersatz skin has not been rejected by any of the patients.	第一次植皮後的16個月內人造皮膚在每個病人身上都沒有受到排斥。
I never assume our customers are satisfied with our product, so I do my best to follow up with every customer.	我素來都不假定我的顧客中意咱們的產品，所以我總是竭力跟蹤每一位顧客。
Perhaps he earned the money through ill means.	或許他的錢是通過卑劣的手段掙來的。
But you may need to save up some money first - any one of these unforgettable experiences will cost you upward of US$5,000.	首先，你需儲存足夠的錢，任何一種終生難忘的旅程體驗，價格都超過美元5.000塊。
While the DB2 pureScale Feature inherently brings a local high availability solution, many customers will also require a disaster recovery solution to meet their business continuity requirements.	雖然 DB2 pureScale Feature 自帶有一個本地高可用性解決方案，很多客戶還需要一個災難恢復解決方案來滿足其業務連續性需求。
A single factorial experiment was conducted to develop a method of ripening and softening fresh berries of pepper ( Pipper nigrum Linnaeus) by using Ethephon.	採用單因子試驗法，初步研究了利用乙烯利催熟軟化胡椒鮮果的方法。
I'd like to talk about my hair, before was straight, right now is ringlet.	我想談談關於我的頭髮，我以前是是直髮，但是現在試卷發了。
The 3D rotation transformation can be described by different ways, which is determined by three independent parameters.	三維圖形的旋轉變換可以使用不同的方法進行描述，但都是由3個獨立的參數確定的。
In Listing 2, the xsl:apply-templates instruction replaces the recursive call.	清單 2 中， xsl:apply-templates 指令代替了遞歸調用。
In some cases, the problem is exacerbated as assets are hoarded precisely because of the difficulty in finding them when needed.	在某些情況下，這個問題會惡化，因爲資產恰恰會由於難以在需要的時候找到而被擱置。
The wide-eyed glittery look he gives Bred Jaserow above his mask is more horrible than the dead girl's face.	他瞪了班瑞爾?傑羅斯特一眼，口罩上邊露出的睜得大大的炯炯發光的雙眼比死女孩的臉更可怕。
Jingjing's two copies of DNA in each of her cells differed in many places, demonstrating a surprisingly high rate of heterozygosity.	晶晶在她的每個細胞中的兩個 DNA 備份在許多地方都不相同，顯示出高得驚人的雜合度。
Nevertheless, after the sale the Stradas were sold en bloc to an anonymous buyer for about $250,000, roughly half the combined low estimates for all 20.	然而，在拍賣會後，一位無名的買家以250000美元的價格，拍下了斯特拉達的所有作品，這個價格大約是這20件組品最低估價的二分之一。
In the first section are the improvement measures to the legislation of community-based correction.	第一節，我國社區矯正類型的立法完善。
With close baylor drinkers spite GuanYa lili, be sure to close baylor drink to walk again.	跟關貝勒一塊喝酒的人故意刁難關雅麗，一定要關貝勒喝完再走。
The four-week average of claims also slid for the fifth straight week, reaching the lowest level since August 2008, before the darkest days of the financial crisis.	四周申請失業救濟金平均人數連續5周下降，創下金融危機爆發前2008年8月以來的最低水平。
New progress in grades, processing and application of TPE, are introduced in this paper.	本文介紹了近年來TPE的新品級，新加工技術以及新應用。
The method for handling the singularity of the self-impedance element in MoM matrix is also presented.	對矩量法矩陣中自阻抗元素的奇異性處理方法也作了詳細介紹。
The World Health Organization has focused on women for the theme of Monday's "No Tobacco Day".	世界衛生組織本週一的“無煙日”主題聚焦在女性身上。
Transfer: To recovery room, then postpartum ward when stable.	轉移：先到休息室，然後在病情穩定時轉到產後病房。
Last year, in response to a series of scandals, buyers’ complaints and lawsuits over Chinese toys, America passed laws requiring elaborate certification.	去年，爲了迴應有關中國玩具的一系列醜聞、購買者的投訴和訴訟，美國通過法律，要求提供詳盡的產品鑑定。
Q6. What were the conclusions reached by the Global Advisory Committee on Vaccine Safety (GACVS)?	全球疫苗安全顧問委員會（GACVS）得出的結論是什麼？
You may vote who sever side you like.	你可以投票選你喜歡的任一方。
Record Contextual Details About the Moment – There have been times when I’ve attempted to review a note to no avail.	記錄下該時刻發生的背景細節 --曾經我就嘗試過重溫一個筆記結果無功而返。
When the magistrate sees you, he will ask how you expect to catch fish on a dusty road.	當裁判官看見你時，他將會問你， 怎樣期望在一條佈滿灰塵的道路上能抓到魚。
Hesse loved the irregular shapes and surfaces that these materials produced, and also the translucency.	黑塞喜歡不規則形狀和曲面，這些材料生產的，也是半透明。
In the first sub-project, a bulge forming apparatus, a tube hydroforming test machine with counter punch, and a friction test machine are designed and developed.	並以此試驗機進行一系列之鎂合金高溫鼓脹成形試驗、三通管成形試驗、 及高溫管材摩擦試驗。
Concentration of NO in esophageal tissue homogenate and serum were measured by fluorometric assay.	應用熒光法檢測大鼠食管組織勻漿及血清中NO含量；
I didn't know your gender, man? Women?	我都分不清你的性別了，男?女?。
They took the 32-inch nonvenomous snake to the nearby Currumbin Wildlife Sanctuary, where senior veterinarian Michael Pyne operated to remove the balls from the snake's intestine.	他們將這條長達32英寸的無毒蟒蛇帶到了附近的可倫賓野生動物保護區，資深獸醫Michael Pyne爲其手術取出了蛇腸胃中的高爾夫球。
So, when she transferred to Shanghai in 2002, she researched the housing market and told her boss what she expected to be paid.	所以2002年她調到上海時研究了當地的住房市場，並告訴老闆她的期望薪酬。
Seven-year-old Zahra laps up dad Chris Rock's attention while watching the Philadelphia 76ers play the New York Knicks at Madison Square Garden in November 2010.	2010年11月在麥迪遜廣場花園觀看76人隊和尼克斯隊的比賽時，7歲的扎哈拉欣然接受老爸克里斯·洛克的關注。
If your schedule doesn't allow you to sleep in during the week, begin your dream journal on a weekend or during a vacation.	如果你的日程不允許你在週末睡懶覺，那麼在週末或是度假的時候寫關於夢的日記。
So far, it is the combination of the photos and stories working together that create the most honest portrayal of beauty - the closest interpretation of what this intangible thing really is.	到現在爲止，我使用的是用文字與圖片結合的方式來還原美麗的本來面貌，這是能將這種無形的概念最大限度的表現出來的方式。
We know, of course, that he voiced hope unrealized more than a century later, but for some his words retain an ability to inspire.	當然，我們知道，他所表達的希望在一個多世紀之後仍未實現，但是對一些人來說，他的話至今仍充滿鼓舞人心的力量。
Mussa Aboud Jumbe, Zanzibar's director of fisheries, went on state radio to warn the public against eating the dolphin meat, saying the cause of death had not been determined.	Zanzibar的漁業主管Mussa Aboud Jumbe在該州的廣播上警告公衆不要吃海豚的肉，由於海豚的死因尚未確定。
Materi's Hammamet mansion featured, among other luxuries, "an infinity pool and a terrace of perhaps 50 meters.	馬特里在哈馬馬特宅邸在其他豪宅中顯得更加具有特色，“一個巨大的游泳池還有一個大約50米高的露臺。”
Collection of savings, shopping consumption, automatic transfers, agent fee on all credit card function "for-all" has become a common good class families fiscal assistant.	集儲蓄、購物消費、自動轉賬、代理繳費功能於一身的信用卡“一卡通”已經成爲普通工薪家庭的理財好助手。
Thank you all for your enjoying my blog, my articles and my research results.	感謝各位博友喜愛我的博客，喜愛我的文章，喜愛我的成果。
Anna Hu joined in as Group Business Director and other hires.	胡曉雲加入擔任業務羣總監，還有一些新成員加盟。
Also, in 1845 Poe wrote The Raven, and gained some recognition, but he still was never able to rise above financial poverty.	1845年，坡創作了《烏鴉》，並因此獲得認可，但仍未改變其經濟窘困的境況。
With a pencil, or a pen if I'm feeling adventurous. It also helps to take lessons in sketching, composition, and perspective. Practicing constantly is good, too.	我會用鉛筆﹐或者膽子大一點時會用原子筆。上有關素描﹑構圖﹑還有透視的課程也很有幫助。經常練習也是件好事。
Malignant paraganglioma of the urinary bladder is a rare tumor. Clinical diagnosis of this tumor relies on high index of suspicion and high levels of blood and urine catecholamines .	發生在膀胱的惡性副神經節瘤爲一罕見的腫瘤，臨牀上診斷這種腫瘤需要依靠血液及尿液中，兒茶酚胺的濃度上升指數來判斷。
Tang Elder Tiger return to Su Zhou suffer South Chang's Peace King uses the high pay" three customer to thatched cottage", kidnap to aides and for staff.	唐伯虎回蘇州後，被南昌的寧王用高薪“三顧茅廬”，而且被綁架去爲幕僚。
When BER and constellation are same, the SNRs of coherent detection and differential detection decrease with the increase of the number of transmit antennas and receive antennas .	當誤碼率和星座圖相同時，相干檢測和差分檢測的信噪比隨發射天線和接收天線數量的增加而降低。
An invitation creates a one-time password that allows the receiver to connect to your desktop.	的密碼。 通過該密碼， 接受者將可以連接到您的桌面。
Ecological destroy in Hongjiang is so bad that the forestry quality decrease, soil eroding speed up and biodiversity become less.	洪江生態破壞一度比較嚴重，表現在森林質量下降、植被破壞導致水土流失加劇、生物多樣性退化。
Again, they abstained from replying to my question.	再一次，他們避開了我的問題。
Anyway, there will be whole batch of different question marks we could need to address, but how about let's try it out from now?	不管怎麼樣，總有成山成海的問題需要問答，爲什麼我們不直接試試呢？
The escalation in rhetoric comes days before President Putin is due to meet President Bush at the annual G-8 summit of leading industrialized nations in Germany.	在將於布什總統在每年一度的八國峯會幾天前，普金的講話更爲激進。這屆八國峯會由八個主要工業國家在德國召開。
Defining the scope of machines and equipment for which the input VAT can be deducted;	明確了可抵扣進項稅額的機器設備的範圍；
Shepherd's purse green season, and grandmother would have to accompany her mother to pick the fields shepherd's purse.	薺菜青青時節，外婆便要母親陪着去田野裏挑薺菜。
This year's competition is separated into two categories. The Performance category is divided into five groups: Eastern music, Western music, Eastern dance, Western dance and Singing.	本屆的比賽分爲動態的表演類及靜態的藝術類，其中表演類包括中樂組、西樂組、中國舞、西洋舞及唱歌五組；
They walked over and looked in the car and here seated on the floor was Mimi!	他們走過來、向車裏望了望、在那兒，坐在車廂底板上的正是咪咪！
We love to hear about the story, Moses and Joan of Arc and Spider-Man.	我們喜歡聽到如《摩西》、《聖女貞德》、《 蜘蛛人》這類的故事，有人能來拯救我們，但我們往往不一定會很感激。
The 14-year-old shares a room with five other girls at Wang Zhi’s foster home in her native Anhui province, in the east of the country.	在中國東部的安徽省老家，在王志的託管中心，14歲的王麗和其他5個女生住一間。
Humane Society official Nancy Peterson says groups are also helping pet owners pay for pet food. And they are placing animals in temporary homes until their owners can take them back.	動物保護協會官員南希.彼得森說，這些組織也幫助寵物主購買寵物飼料，而且他們將動物安放在一個臨時的住所，一直到寵物主們將這些動物領回爲止。
Zhu told a group of us.	朱先生對着我們一羣人說到。
Western economists define state-owned enterprises as a means of compensation to the functional defect of market economy. This is a logical inference based on the private ownership in market economy.	西方經濟學把國有企業定位爲彌補市場經濟的功能缺陷，這是建立在以私有制爲基礎的市場經濟之上的邏輯推論。
Var. Angustum E. Busch from acetoacetate. Methods Column chromatography was used to separate and purify the chemical constituents.	方法利用硅膠柱層析進行分離純化，根據理化性質和波譜學數據進行結構鑑定。
The sound of happy laughters called up memories of his childhood.	這些歡笑聲使他回憶起童年時代。
Insert 2 pieces of Koko Krunch to form the ears, 1 chocolate chip as the nose and chocolate rice for the eyes.	把可可脆片塞入成爲耳朵，巧克力豆作爲嘴巴，巧克力米裝飾爲小狗的眼睛。
Consider the case of a stock exchange that uses algorithmic trading for entering automatic buying or selling orders.	我們來看一個股票交易的示例，使用算法交易自動輸入賣出和買入訂單。
He will then travel to Brazil to visit the Amazon River and see how the Brazilian government has been dealing with deforestation issues.	然後，潘基文將前往巴西，視察亞馬遜河的情況，並瞭解巴西政府怎樣解決濫伐森林的問題。
Think how often we see lawyers constructing far-fetched theories on behalf of their clients or reporters misrepresenting themselves in order to gain access to good stories.	想想看，我們多麼經常地看到律師爲他們的客戶編制牽強附會的理論； 記者爲了獲得好故事而冒充別人。
A. I’m not sure there’s a magic number, per se.	本質上說，我不肯定是否有一個魔力數字。
For an unknown reason, sometime after his promotion to Grand Admiral, he was situated in the Royal Palace of Theed on the planet Naboo where he assisted in the training of elite Imperial pilots.	出於某個未知的原因，在他被晉升至元帥後不久，他就被調至納布星的希德王宮，負責協助對菁英帝國飛行員的訓練。
The development of retail trade turns to be the mixture of many type of operation:although general merchandise trade has matured, it possess considerable life force.	零售商業的發展呈現多業態混合的現象：百貨業進入成熟期，但仍具有相當的生命力；
All the female cats wanted to be the cat"s wife."	所有母貓都想做他的夫人。
But some things were just not right: the stairs were poorly made. The walls hadn't been painted properly. Apple never writes 'Apple Store' on its signs - it just puts up the glowing, iconic fruit.	但是一些地方還是可以看出貓膩的：樓梯的工藝非常的粗糙， 牆壁也噴塗的不規範，蘋果也從來不會在它的標誌上印上‘蘋果零售店’，它只會印上那個光芒四射的標誌性水果圖案。
Since 2001 the number of cars on Britain's roads has risen considerably from 24.6 million to 31 million, leading to more traffic jams.	從2001年至今，英國的車輛大幅度增長，從2460萬飆升到3100萬，這也導致了更多的交通堵塞。
Change that arrangement and you can dramatically alter the resulting organism.	改變這個排列你就能完全改變最後的生物體。
They will also be making songs about Shamshuipo and other districts.	在工作坊中參加者會創作出關於深水埗等香港社區的歌曲。
This time, that future Hall of Famer in Number 23 is in a Cavs uniform.	而這一次，未來的名人堂成員將會是這個在騎士隊身穿23號球衣的球員。
Other environmental organisations see a splash of greenwash.	其它的環保組織則是認爲他們假借綠色之名，行獲利之實。
These two turning points had massive and far-reaching effects, and both occurred at major historical conjunctures.	兩次偉大歷史轉折都產生了巨大的作用和深遠的影響；
Xinjiang Province is area of multiple earthquakes, earthquake proofing ability of a building is an important factor needed considering at the time of structure analysis and design.	新疆屬地震多發地區，建築結構的抗震能力是結構分析和設計時需要考慮的重要因素。
It's worth remembering that only in Europe were the Middle Ages dark -- they were the apogee of Arab, Muslim, and Chinese glory.	不過要了解，當時歐洲才真正處於黑暗中世紀——而此時的阿拉伯，穆斯林和中國，正處於文明鼎盛時期。
I feel very much like an officer who has stormed a breastwork despite his severe wounds.	我有這麼一種感覺：彷彿自己是一個不顧身負重創。
Thus, the UNION operator reads the data from its legs one leg at a time from left to right in a sequential manner.	因此，UNION 操作符是按從左到右的順序每次一個分支地從它的分支讀取數據。
We know that our fans have been eagerly awaiting the next installation of the franchise—Final Fantasy XIII will exceed all expectations.	我們知道我們的球迷一直在熱切地等待下一個安裝專營權，最終幻想XIII將超過所有人的預期。
Come on. Say it, you ninny .	快點，說出來，你笨蛋。
This incident notwithstanding, many companies are increasingly interested in automatically determining users' social ties through e-mail and social network communications.	儘管出現了這起事件，越來越多的公司開始對根據電子郵件和社會網絡通信自動判斷用戶的社會關係感興趣。
Lie on your back with your legs spread or raise your knees to your head.	平躺，張開雙腿或者把膝蓋擡到靠近頭部的地方。
Components, specifications of raw materials, polymerization process and test methods of performances of acrylic resin for correction liquid are introduced.	介紹了塗改液用丙烯酸樹脂的組成、原材料規格、聚合方法和性能測試方法；
Sophie: Look! Who is that guy on the stage?	索菲：看那邊，舞臺上的那個人是誰啊？
The crowd greeted the performers with boos and hiss es.	觀衆向演出者發出一片噓聲。
Despite this, CRP is commonly used for the early diagnosis of chorioamnionitis.	儘管如此，CRP仍作爲常用的絨毛膜羊膜炎的早期診斷指標。
And the answer is: you can do that because you're both kings.	答案是,你可以這麼做,因爲你們都是國王
There is a pedantry in manners, as in all arts and sciences;	有一個學究氣在禮貌，由於在所有與學術的文理學院； 有時在行業。
The results indicate that the emulsion of superpolymers with adsorption group and surfactants has an effective retarding on the spontaneous combustion of coal gangue.	實驗研究表明，帶有吸附基團的高聚物和表面活性劑組成的聚合物乳液對煤矸石自燃具有較好的阻化作用。
The ship doubled Cape Horn .	那船繞過合恩角。
The economic battle for these markets is fierce, and we’re up against strong competitors.	經濟上爭奪市場的鬥爭非常激烈，我們的競爭對象強手雲集。
The teacher is sitting in a nearby diner, explaining to another patron how it is that blind kids can play soccer.	老師去了旁邊一個小餐館小坐，和另一個顧客解釋盲童怎樣踢足球。
Yes, we can let you have a single room.	有，我們能給您一間單人房住。
Many economists, myself included, have argued that the Obama administration’s stimulus plan is too small, given the depth of the crisis. But America’s actions dwarf anything the Europeans are doing.	很多經濟學家（包括我自己在內），都認爲奧巴馬政府的刺激政策相對於危機來講太小，但是美國的動作可以讓歐洲做的事兒都相形見絀。
For centuries, it killed about one-third of the people it infected, including Queen Mary II of England, and left most survivors with deep scars on their faces from the hideous pus-filled lesions.	幾世紀以來，三分之一感染過天花的人都死去了，其中包括英國女王瑪麗二世，而存活下來的人絕大多數幾乎毀容，臉上都帶着染上天花時可怖的膿瘡留下的無法移除的疤痕。
Instead we had to use the facilities in its sister hotel which is about a 1-2 minute walk up the street so I can't comment on the hotel bar in The Bristol as I never got to see it.	我們當時去的是離這裏僅僅步行一到兩分鐘之遙的它的姊妹酒店，所以，我不太好對這家酒店的酒吧做出什麼評價，因爲我沒有去過。
In recent years, Danieli Automation has gained considerable experience in the control of the continuous casting of slabs.	近年來，達涅利自動化公司在板坯連鑄控制方面積累了相當多的經驗。
The case was brought by Mercis Media, Bruna's copyright management firm.	本案原告是米菲的版權擁有者Mercis傳媒公司。
The new method overcomes the limitations of established methods of IDMS in the quantitative analysis of trace gas.	該方法解決了已有同位素稀釋質譜法在微量氣體定量分析中的難題。
Based on meshing theory, the academic outline of roller on the principle of equal pitch helicoids was designs. And the amended method was introduced by the experimental data.	根據齧合原理，運用等升距螺旋麪的形成理論設計了滾軋輪理論廓形，採用試驗計算法對滾軋輪的理論廓形進行修正；
But there is a finite limit, and if we continue to see stonewalling then those measures will be implemented.	但延期是有限的，如果我們繼續遭遇阻力，那麼有關措施就將付諸實施。
The video shows a man dressed as a soldier shooting a man in the head.	錄像顯示，一名身着士兵服裝的男子朝着一名男子的頭部開槍。
Although Joyon was sailing a much faster boat than the previous record-holder, most saw little chance of him getting even close to 80 days.	儘管茹瓦永駕駛的帆船比前世界記錄保持者的快的多，但是大多數人都認爲他不太可能在近80天內完成航海。 茹瓦永則不這麼認爲。
I asked if he believed American politicians who say they have no objections to China’s rise.	我問他是否相信那些美國政治家說他們表示不反對中國崛起。
To prevent fat drippings, choose lean meats such as sirloin, tenderloin, inside round and flank steak and trim visible fat before grilling. Avoid letting juices drip into the flames or coals.	爲預防油脂滴落，請選擇瘦肉，像牛裏脊肉、豬裏脊肉、裏面的臀肉和牛後腹肉排，並在燒烤前把看到的肥肉切掉，避免肉汁落在火焰或者煤炭上。
This photo approximates the difference between E Ink (left) and paper (right)	這張照片類比了E In （左）與紙質（右）的區別。
Application of large - diameter pre - fissures or smooth blasting in underground experiment stop of non - pillar continuous mining is introduced in the paper.	介紹了大孔徑預裂（光面）爆破技術在鳳凰山銅礦無間柱連續採礦試驗採場中的應用。
He now prides himself on treating his workforce well. Staff receive a share in company profits and individual plants are run as independent entities.	如今他因給予員工良好福利而自豪.該公司員工可以分享公司獲利,各個工廠是以個別的實體經營.
Of these four things , the first is your legal due.	這四種中的第一件是你法律上應享的權力。
Jun river to dare not to believe my ears, east plant should first step he the cosmetics company sold, is very angry.	俊河不敢置信本人的耳朵，東株竟然先他一步把化裝品公司賣掉，十分惱火。
Mush attacked Lal Masjid and killed hundreds of students there.	穆沙拉夫派軍攻擊了拉爾清真寺，殺死了幾百名當地學生。
All the station platforms were coming on the right hand side, and in the right hand corner seat I had ensconced myself reading a book.	所有的停車站臺都在右邊，我舒服地坐在右邊的角落座位上讀着一本書。
A cultural icon, he is widely known by the single name Elvis.	作爲一個文化符號，他的名字埃爾維斯也廣爲人知。
Any man can be a Father but it takes a special person to be called Dad. Happy Father's Day.	任何男人都能成爲父親，但只有一個特定的人，你會管他叫爸爸。父親節快樂。
Cassie Nourse said that throws athlete's movement life to be very long, if Madrid applies for successfully, he hoped that puts on armor and goes to battle once again in front of the hometown elder.	卡西諾斯說，投擲運動員的運動壽命很長，如果馬德里申辦成功，他希望在家鄉父老面前再度披掛上陣。
Should we dispatch cadres to help exercise regional national autonomy?	又比如實行民族區域自治，我們派不派幹部？
The Roadmap outlines concrete actions linking agriculture-related investments and policies with the transition to climate-smart growth and highlights a “triple-win” approach.	路線圖提出將農業相關投資和政策與走向氣候智能型增長聯繫起來的具體措施，突出 “三贏”模式。
A column of 20 armored vehicles had moved along Moscow's ring road near Mr. Yeltsin's headquarters and met a barricade formed by two trolley buses in an underpass.	一個由20輛裝甲車組成的縱隊當時已經沿着莫斯科的繞城公路接近葉利欽的總部，並在一個地下通道遇到了由兩輛無軌電車組成的路障。
He noted it was the best wine the grocer had in stock.	馬丁解釋說他自己已不再燒飯了，然後主人便請他進門去喝了酒。 他發現那是雜貨店存貨中最好的酒。
What happened is that countless days, nights, meetings, commutes and other unremarkable events went by, well, unremarked.	發生過的就是，數不清的日日夜夜、會議、上下班和其他不足掛齒的事情悄無聲息地溜走了。
Joost is an impressive entry into the world of Internet TV.	Joost是網絡電視世界中給我留下最深刻印象的產品。
Compared with utterance understanding, pragmatic presupposition has the basic features of appropriateness and common acceptance.	相對於話語理解，語用預設具備合適性和共知性。
Kazakhstan - Many migrant workers from Kyrgyzstan, often together with their children, frequently face abuse by tobacco farm owners in Kazakhstan who employ them for seasonal work.	哈薩克斯坦 - 許多來自吉爾吉斯斯坦的移徙工人，往往連同子女，面臨僱用他們從事季節性工作的哈薩克斯坦菸草農場主的虐待。
Protect the stomach and relieve the pain.	理氣寬中，和胃止痛。
Now to Malaysia, where a huge fire ripped through Seberang Perai in Butterworth on September 22nd, marking it the third blaze in the local area in 32 years. 15 households were made homeless.	來到馬來西亞，9月22號，北海麥曼珍青屋燃起大火，這是當地32年來的第三次大火，15戶因此無家可歸。
With the exception of Tudor and Legrottaglie, I have a full squad available, and I'm hoping that everyone will be in the same physical condition by the end of the month.	除了圖多爾和萊羅塔列，整個球隊都可以爲我所用了。我希望，到月末的時候，人人都能有相同的體能狀態。
I suppose that was because they always used to put the biggest fool afore…	俺想那大概是因爲他們老叫那特傻的大傻子去擋頭陣吧…
The fibrous tissues aroud the tumor cells were positive for VG.	VG染色示腫瘤細胞周圍有纖維組織反應增生。
Hayden was entranced. The parents hoped that reinforcing his idol's visit would help cure his post-traumatic amnesia.	海登被推進了（治療室），他的父母期望着，海登偶像的來訪對他的鼓舞能夠治癒他外傷之後的健忘症。
Dress attractively but not provocatively. ?	穿着有吸引力但不挑逗。
Second, Rockwell Automation Power System.	第二，羅克維爾自動動力系統。
What points of view did the author present in this article? How are these points of view biased?	作者的基本觀點是啥？你覺得他的觀點有偏頗麼，在哪裏？
Kangxi's reign brought about long-term stability and relative wealth after years of war and chaos.	康熙年間帶來的長期穩定和相對財富經過多年的戰爭和動亂。
This treatment could be maintained long-term if toxicity does not ensue, whatever the subsequent course of lupus - pregnancy included - and the additional medications needed.	只要沒有出現毒性反應，抗虐藥物可被長期用於狼瘡治療的任何階段（包括孕期），輔以其它醫學治療手段。
Avid readers who look to biography for inspiration could do worse than pick up a copy of Katherine Graham's Pulitzer Prize-winning "Personal History."	想從傳記中獲得啓發的熱忱讀者，不妨選讀凱瑟琳·格拉罕獲得了普立策獎的《自傳》。
Robert Morris was fully involved with recreating this work and was delighted to see it brought back to life and experienced by a new audience.	羅伯特·莫里斯全力投入了這個再造工作，而且很高興看見它復活並由一批新的觀衆來體驗。
In those around 5ft tall it is 750 cancers per 100,000 women per year.	身高5英尺左右的婦女中，每年癌症發病率爲每10萬人中750例； 可是在那些身高5英尺9英寸左右的婦女中，這一數字約爲每10萬人中1000例。
In light of the Mixture Distribution Hypothesis(MDH), stock trading volume can give a good explanation to its price variability.	根據混合分佈假說，交易量能夠很好地解釋價格波動性。
The Cup was named after the Seventh Earl of Hopetoun, a Scotsman, who was Governor-General of Australia at the turn of the century.	該獎盃由霍普頓伯爵七世命名，他在20世紀初時是澳大利亞的總督。
No matter in a stagnant economy, or in a advanced economy, Chinese people never lost their confidence in a prosperous future.	經濟無論停滯，還是經濟發達，中國人民從來沒有放棄對對美好未來的信心。
It is not that no one has thought about the impact of leverage before; rather, it has become newly relevant to the world around us.	以前很少有人想到槓桿原理的衝擊影響；現在正好相反，他正成爲與我們密切相關的東西了。
It is really a nonclassical communication system.	該系統爲一非古典通信系統。
Vieri then ran through on Rui Costa's excellent pass but put his shot wide of goalkeeper Nicola Pavarini and the post.	維耶裏不久也接到了魯伊。科斯塔的妙傳，但他射出的皮球在滑過了對方門將帕瓦里尼與門柱後偏出了界外。
If you bring a grain offering baked in an oven, it is to consist of fine flour: cakes made without yeast and mixed with oil, or wafers made without yeast and spread with oil.	若用爐中烤的物爲素祭，就要用調油的無酵細麪餅，或是抹油的無酵薄餅。
Web browsers! Interactive software! There?s a lot of new technology talk going on in public relations these days, and it?s coming from a variety of sources. ?	網頁瀏覽器！交互式軟件！最近，在公共關係中人們大談特談新技術，而且各種各樣的人都加入了進來。?。
Transpedicular discectomy can be performed in the thoracic spine with a modest decrease in stability expected.	結論：經椎弓根胸椎間盤切除有可能引起胸椎穩定性中等程度下降。
I am looking forward to some day coming when I am like a proud eagle, which flies to the blue and vast sky.	當我像一隻驕傲的鷹，飛到藍色、巨大的天空時候，我來日盼望過來。 謝謝！ 供參考！
He swore by my pictures.	他對我的畫評價很高。
Charles whipped out a bunch of def and case specs, the latter being a serious beast to compile.	Charles抹去了幾個在接下來編譯過程中引起不小問題的def和case規格。
The Restoration is an important transformable age in the history of finance and taxation in England .	復辟時期是英國財政與稅收史上的一個重要轉型時代。
Effective evaluation of early childhood education software is a measure to cope with quality problems and lack of standards for selection.	有效評價幼兒教育軟件質量是改變當前幼兒教育軟件產品質量良莠不齊、軟件選擇無章可循局面的一個舉措。
She may be not much, just want to let you stay with her.	她也許要的不多，只是想讓你陪陪她。
It is not inaccurate to describe "The Lives of Others" as the story of how both men become disillusioned and hasten each other's disillusionment.	如果說《竊聽風暴》講的是這兩個人是如何經歷信念破滅又是如何加速對方在幻滅之後幡然醒悟的過程，這恐怕不盡然準確。
The specified aggregate function is performed on all the values of column-1 since the last break point for column-2.	將會爲 column-2 執行指定的聚合功能，該聚合功能針對 column-1 從上一個斷點以來的所有值。
This second technique uses a different notation other than UML.	這第二種技術使用了不同於 UML 的表示法。
Beijing Jin -Ye provides natural pigments of high quality by advanced extract method. Its experts will help you to solve the problem of product dyeing.	北京金曄利用多種先進提取技術爲您提供優質的天然色素產品；多名色素專家爲您解決產品找色問題。
When his parents ran out of money to fund him, he borrowed 400, 000 yuan more from loan sharks, but could not pay it back.	在父母給他的留學資金花完後，他又向高利貸借了40萬，但是無力償還。
If, for instance, you want to lose 20 lbs of weight, a milestone might be shedding the first 5 lbs.	設想一下，舉個例子，你想減掉20磅，那麼先減掉5磅就是你的里程標。
When I got to the telegraph office, I found a telegram waiting for me from London.	我來到電報局時，一封從英國打來的電報已經在那裏等着我了。
The forth chapter introduces the Numerical simulation model of coaxial-waveguide CARM amplifier, gives out parameters computation, and procession flow charts.	論文的第四章給出CARM放大器數值模擬模型，對數值模擬過程中的參量計算，程序流程圖做了詳細的論述；
Compared to surrounding air, ship exhaust has more particles, and each particle can act as a nucleus around which water vapor condenses.	與周邊空氣相比，輪船軌跡含有更多微粒。 水蒸氣圍繞着這些作爲核子的微粒凝結。
I would hold up a blue circle, make them touch the circle and say blue.	我會舉起一隻藍色的圓環，讓他們觸摸圓環，說出藍色這個單詞。
F:Yes,you certainly do ,Mr.Baxter.	弗洛拉：是的，你們當然是符合條件的，巴克斯特先生。
Virtually every argument against the need for high-priced cables has ever been raised seemed to surface in short order.	幾乎每一個論點，對需要高價位的電纜已被提出，似乎表面總之秩序。
The topic of the speech is announced a week in advance,but the name of the speaker is not.	演講的主題已經提前一個星期宣佈了，但主講人的名字卻沒有宣佈。
Sonata No. 21 in C major, Op. 53, Waldstein.	大調第二十一奏鳴曲，作品53，“華爾斯坦”
The invention further provides a preparation method of the compounds, a pharmaceutical composition containing the compounds, and use of the compounds, in particular antitumor use.	本發明還提供了上述化 合物的製備方法、含有它們的藥物組合物以及它們的用途，特別是抗 腫瘤的用途。
In the right pane of the New pop-up window, click Web service Client.	在新彈出窗口的右側欄中，單擊 Web service Client。
Taking human living in Society, Heaven, Earth, and Dao, those 4 fields to statements on humans how to deal with Time, Place, Society, Environment, and Events.	以人處在人、天、地、道之四域之中以論人處於處時、處地、處羣、處境、處事當中如何處理。
In most cases, it is a good idea to include them.	大部分情況下，把教育時間寫進去是個好主意。
早晨还欢呼皇帝万岁的那些嘴，现在都哑口无言，他们几乎全都不认识皇上了。	All the mouths which in the morning had shouted, "Long live the Emperor!" remain gaping; they hardly recognize him.
Since the phenomenon of accusing children of witchcraft emerged only within the last 10-20 years (and in Nigeria more recently), there is hope that it has not yet become deeply entrenched.	由於這一現象僅在過去的一到二十年間纔開始顯現（尼日利亞更是最近纔出現），人們還是希望這個問題並沒有更深層次化、複雜化。
For details, please refer to the "Basic Information of the Development" of the sales brochure provided by the developer.	詳情請參閱發展商提供之售樓說明書內「發展項目基本資料」。
They shouldn't be relied on too far in battle, but can be valuable for chasing down fleeing enemy.	不能對他們正面作戰實力寄予太大希望，但用於追擊殘兵卻頗爲出色。
So she began to wash the body, the face for the elderly.	於是她開始爲老人擦身、擦臉、整理遺容。
'oh,well,i think you'd try going back to the seller and asking for a change for a anothor.	啊？ 我勸你再到那家店裏去，商量一下看能不能再換一個。
Xerox Corp. doubled its profit on surging demand for its copying equipment.	施樂公司表示，由於複印設備需求不斷增加，營運利潤增長一倍。
In the light of the characteristics of the city, and based on the present technical conditions of the LPG equipment, the paper gives the corresponding fire safety countermeasures.	本文針對城市環境的特點，並根據液化石油氣設備現有技術狀況，提出相應的消防安全對策。
The gas condensate system and formation rock are an interaction system, which would influence the phase behavior of gas condensate in porous media inevitably.	凝析油氣體系和儲層岩石是一個相互作用的系統，必然對孔隙介質中凝析氣的相態特徵產生影響。
A survivor said the attack targeted the gates of the Ras Lanuf refinery.	一名倖存者說，襲擊的目標是拉斯拉努夫煉油廠各個大門。
Jiangnan porcelain place, nature has a strong tea.	江南有陶瓷的地方，自然有着濃郁的茶香。
Hiss vacillations between law and medicine lasted so long.	他優柔寡斷，拖了很久還決定不了到底學醫還是學法。 。
If I knew his address, I could write him.	辱果我知道他的住址，斡會寫信給他。
Respecting the audiences doesn't mean being sequacious to the audiences. In fact, the relationship between the interior designers and the popular is dialectical and unitive.	對受衆的尊重並不意味着對受衆的盲從，室內設計師與大衆的關係實際上是一種辯證統一的關係。
Adoni-Bezek fled, but they chased him and caught him, and cut off his thumbs and big toes.	亞多尼比色逃跑。 他們追趕，拿住他，砍斷他手腳的大姆指。
In the case of prescribed penalties in the Shari'ah, the criminal is not allowed to perform the penalty on himself, so how could punishing and torturing oneself be allowed without a crime?	在伊斯蘭沙利亞中，連懲處某一罪惡時都不允許罪犯自行處罰，更何況是在沒有罪惡的情況下又怎麼能傷害和懲罰自己呢？
It is shown by simulation that the positive exponential function is the optimum for this system.	計算機仿真實驗表明，正指數型函數能取得最佳對消效果，是針對於此係統的最優選擇。
Whilst they can look better, its not looked upon highly as groups are expected to obtain their own sources.	雖然它們看起來好一些，但通常不認爲這是好的行爲因爲發佈組織應該去找他們自己的片源。
Expanded wire mesh widely used in highway, railways fencing, bridge anti-throwing wire mesh, developing area, it has the characteristics of beautiful shape, the fastness is enduring.	主要用於高速公路，鐵路，機場，車站，務區，港口等領域的防護網。具有美化環境，堅固耐用，不褪色，不變形，價格偏低等特點，且具有良好的安全防護作用。
What does it Mean that CAMC Competes with Foreign Commercial Vehicle Enterprises on the Same Stage?	華菱與世界商用車巨頭同臺競技說明了什麼?。
Generally a higher number of competitors means more choice for consumers, but in the fragmented online-travel business some consolidation is good news for buyers.	一般來說，競爭者多就意味着消費者有更多的選擇，但是在分散的在線旅遊市場，如此整合對於消費者來說是個好消息。
Mengsk approached the smaller man and stood before him, an intimidating presence.	蒙克斯以威迫的姿態靠近並站在這位小矮人前面。
Since not just Web page requests, but potentially security-critical business requests are passing through port 80 now, increased vigilance is required.	因爲現在不僅有 Web 頁面的請求而且還有潛在的強調安全的交易請求通過 80 端口傳遞，所以需要增強警惕性。
Stage 4- Women's and family-oriented publications carry the news to a broader audience.	以婦女和家庭爲導向的出版業將這些新聞呈現給更加廣泛的讀者羣。
This Viterbi decoder has low latency, efficient memory organization, and low hardware complexity compared with other Viterbi decoders using traditional trace-back methods.	與採用傳統回溯法的譯碼器相比，該譯碼器具有較低的譯碼時延、有效的存儲空間管理和較低的硬件複雜度。
You know, frankly, when it comes down to it, people want to give money and get something in return.	坦率地說，歸根結底一句話，人們在有所投入的時候也是期待有所回報的。
I poke her in the stomach and she curls up like a hedgehog, giggling.	我用手戳她的胃，她就像只刺蝟那樣捲起來，咯咯咯的傻笑。
I seldom oppose Israel and Israeli teams these days.	我很少反對以色列和以色列隊這幾天。
Based on the data from the 2000 Chengdu Peasant Migrant Survey, this paper tests some factors which might influence peasant migrants decision of remaining int he city.	本文依據2 0 0 0年對成都市農民工的調查，在微觀層面上分析了影響農村外出務工者留城的若干因素。
Carla after marriage to her husband at very tight, nan peng will use Carlas weakness, let Carla mistook her husband.	卡拉在婚後將丈夫盯得十分緊，賽楠蓬便利用卡拉的弱點，讓卡拉誤以爲丈夫出軌。
In the latest poll of our Science fiction, science fact project you told us that you wanted to know what time is.	在我們最近有關科學小說的民意調查中，科學事實項目告我我們大家最想知道的是“什麼是時間”。
Tottenham de-fender Ledley King is at the centre of the battle of swollen knee which has set Spurs a-gainst the FA.	熱刺後衛萊德利·金是足總盃的核心球員，但金正在經歷膝傷的困擾。
The governing equations for fully developed flow of power-law fluid in helical pipes were obtained by using dimensionless analysis method.	通過無因次分析，得到了螺旋管道內充分發展冪律流體流動的控制方程組。
So, it comes as little surprise that the latest release, WordPress 2.7 - codenamed "Coltrane" - has had a great deal of time and energy focused on improving that interface.	所以， 最新發布的代號爲“Coltrane”的WordPress 2.7版本把時間和精力放在了改進界面上。
I will quote from a dude who has this mindful thing mastered: Howard Thurman, who died in 1981, and was a mystic, theologian, minister, and activist.	我要介紹一位老兄他就很擅於這種緊張的事兒：瑟曼.霍華德，他逝於1981年。 生前是一個神祕主義者，神學家，牧師以及激進主義分子。
You might be surprised at what you can freeze, and what tastes good frozen. The suggestions here represent just a few possibilities and, I think, interesting ones.	也許你會納悶你要凍什麼，或是凍個什麼味兒的。下面幾條意見就是爲你提供一些選擇，並且我認爲也都是很有意思的一些東西。
But you can get high blood pressure from it, so. But apart from that, it's nice, so.	但它會使你血壓升高。除了那一點之外，還是很好玩的。
Activision has developed a presence on all three new generation game consoles - Microsoft's Xbox 360, Sony's PlayStation 3 and the Nintendo Wii - with franchises such as Spider-Man and X-Men.	美國動視開拓了三大新世代主機市場——微軟Xbox 360，索尼PS 3以及任天堂Wii——擁有蜘蛛人及X戰警等的專營權。
If you're playing the Mines of Moria scenarios, ignore points cost, Might, Will, Fate and any special rules.	但是您要使用摩瑞亞礦坑的劇情，忽略之前費用計算方法，可能，命運和所有特別規則。
Entering 2011, United College will celebrate its 55th Anniversary. The College has organised a series of celebration and activities.	踏入2011年，聯合書院將慶祝五十五週年院慶，並舉辦一連串的慶祝活動。
Every story-teller has lines of limitation; certain types of story will always remain his or her best effort.	每一位講故事的人都有自己的侷限，每個人也總有自己最擅長的某個特定的故事類型。
A small attractively decorated porcelain jardiniere and stand probably made in Jingdezhen, China circa 1770 - 1820 during the reign of either the Qianlong or Jiaqing emperor.	形態精巧的小型花盆及底座，估爲1770-1820年間乾隆或嘉慶時期景德鎮瓷品。
Like that, a example. Save the password file, you can save it wherever you want.	就像上面那樣，保存密碼文件，你可以保存所有你想保存的東西。
A number of investigators have used the fluorescent-antibody (FA) technique for Salmonella detection.	因此，沙門氏菌檢測的熒光抗體技術爲能被廣範應用。
Ideally, as soon as you find that more time is spent working around the existing design rather than with it.	最理想的情況是，一旦發現圍繞着現有設計所花費的時間超過利用它的時間就開始重構。
I intend to replace all non-human DNA with valid human DNA from my red nation lineages.	我意願用來自紅族血統的正確人類DNA來取代所有非人類DNA。
In fact, the government refuses to use the word Rohingya when talking about the group.	實際上，談到這個團體時，緬甸政府拒絕使用“洛興雅”這個詞。
My paper will provide a complete interpretation by starting from one point to the whole work.	因此，該論題所要進行的研究工作會帶給大家一個“由點到面”的認識。
The article analyses metaphorical mechanism of Russian emotive verbs and physical verbs through conceptual motivation, physiology symptomatic features and actant structure, property-nature.	探討俄語感情動詞和物理作爲動詞的隱喻機 制可以從觀念理據分析、生（物）理行爲表徵和題元結構、功能—性質兩大方面入手。
Prof Geoffrey Crossick, vice-chancellor of the University of London, said the current system of delivering higher education was “no longer financially sustainable”.	倫敦大學副校長喬弗利•科洛西克教授表示，現行的高等教育體制已“不再享有穩定的財政扶持”。
He was the type you sometimes meet while travelling, a citizen of nowhere, with no roots, family or friends.	你旅行時會碰到這種類型的人，他不屬於任何地方，沒有根，沒有家庭和朋友。
Methods Phosphoproteins were extracted from lysates of normal mice livers by phosphate metal affinity chromatography (PMAC) resin.	方法取正常小鼠肝臟，裂解肝臟後利用磷酸鹽金屬親和層析（PMAC）樹脂提取磷酸化蛋白。
Pray for the government to halt its campaign of targeting Christians .	禱告政府會停止以基督徒爲箭靶的活動。
That's a stupid question because nothing can live without eroticism, not even insects, they need it too.	這是個愚蠢的問題，因爲沒有哪個生物可以離開性愛而生存下來，即便是昆蟲，它們也需要性愛。
As the Speaker said, we've got more to do.	正如佩洛西所說的，我們還有許多事情要做。
Thankfully, Tarantino - perhaps sensing that he was onto a good thing - keeps that state of affairs to a minimum.	不過幸好塔倫蒂諾——或許感覺到這簡直就要把他弄成個好東西了——把這類事件控制在了最低限度裏了。
The gland was composed of its wall and blood sinus. The wall contained axon terminals of neurosecretory cells, glial cells and small blood sinus.	竇腺壁由神經分泌細胞的末梢、神經膠質細胞及其突起交織而成。
And your fellow different professional. I meant no harm, just want to make friends with you.	與你同系不同專業的。我沒有惡意，只是想和你做朋友。
In barbers'shops and public houses a fellow will get up, and spell out a paragraph which he communicates as some discovery.	在理髮店或酒吧裏，一位先生站起身來，一字一句拼讀一段他覺得是重大發現，應告知諸位的新聞。
Our supplies for this month are in the cupboard.	我們這個月的生活用品在櫥子裏。
I think the biggest problem is that a lot of the “gung-ho” part of self-development encourages you to be positive. To be disciplined.	我認爲最大的問題在於許多自我發展的偏激部分鼓勵你要積極，有紀律，負起責任並且要落到實處。
The results show that, in the given conditions, the microstructure of boronizing layer is dense, boride wedged base in the shape of spider, which combines with base firmly;	結果表明：在給定實驗條件下，滲硼層組織緻密，硼化物呈針齒狀楔入基體，與基體結合牢固；
Look, Dashan. There's a service station straight ahead.	大山，你看，前邊有一家加油站。
Plug-and-play design, reducing installation time and eradicating problems stemming from installation activities at the rig foor;	即插即用型設計，減少安裝時間，根除鑽臺安裝相關的問題；
Crawl is a character-driven thriller set in an unknown, rural town.	爬網一個字符驅動驚悚片集，在一個未知的，農村的小鎮。
After the project has realized its industrialization, its products will be positioned or sold in the high-end product markets and the blank markets in an urgent demand of the products.	本項目實現產業化後，市場定位在高端產品市場和急需本項目產品的空白市場。
I believe that developing one's comprehension of human nature simutaneously develops one's faculty for using English .	我相信發展自己對人生的瞭解， 也同時發展了自己應用英文的能力。
Globally, Siebel has over 4500 customers and more than 3.6 million end-users.	在全球範圍內， Siebel公司已超過4500家客戶和超過360萬的最終用戶。
In the four centuries from Song through Yuan, both north and south produced new varieties of black porcelain.	宋、金、元時期，南北方黑釉瓷燒造進入了新的發展時期。
Extra-curricular work in primary school is a common and effective method to understand students' learning status.	小學英語課外作業是瞭解學生英語學習狀況的一種普遍的、也是比較有效的教學手段。
These are primarily communication systems which act to allow your other organ systems to work in concert.	正是這些基本的通訊系統,保證了體內各系統的協調工作
Context is the most frequently studied theme in pragmatics.	語境是當前語用學研究的一個熱點。
Besides being used for transportation, camels are also used as a Mobile Library in Kenya, because they can go where vehicles cannot go.	除了用作交通工具，駱駝在肯尼亞還被用作“流動圖書館”， 因爲它們能去車輛到不了的地方。
If the widget package conforms to the standard, it is treated as a valid widget package.	如果這個 Widget 包符合標準，它就會被作爲一個有效的 Widget 包進行處理。
Permissions will be controlled by a business manager or IT administrator.	權限將由業務經理或IT管理員控制。
As I wrote last March: those of us who have looked to the self-interest of lending institutions to protect shareholder’s equity (myself especially) are in a state of shocked disbelief.	正如我去年三月份寫的那樣：我和一些人，尤其是我，原本是寄望於那些借款機構們出於自利，也會去保護他們的股東的資本的。 所以（事情出來之後）我們都震驚得不敢相信。
Abuse of power and neglect of rights alienate teacher' s authority and enslave both students and teachers.	濫用權力、漠視權利導致教師權威的異化，使學生、教師奴性化。
Time Millennium Real Estate Wimberley, Texas.	時代千年房地產威伯利得克薩斯。
December 26th 2004 epicenter west coast of Sumatra a 9.1 earthquake would cause a devastating tsunami that would kill over 225, 000 people in over 10 countries.	2004年12月26日，一場震中位於蘇門答臘島西海岸的9.1級的地震造成了災難性的海嘯，導致10個國家超過225000人死亡。
A winning bidder shall be accountable to the tenderer for the subcontracted projects, and the persons accepting the subcontracts shall jointly and severally be liable for the subcontracted parts.	中標人應當就分包項目向招標人負責，接受分包的人就分包項目承擔連帶責任。
The paper shows that Mostly air pollutant are TSP and dustfall , aimed at analysis of dustfall weather and pollution character of air quality.	通過和田市的沙塵天氣和空氣質量污染特徵分析表明，環境空氣的主要污染物是TSP、降塵。
echoes the same impatience as that of the inquisitorial emissaries in Montaillou.	——跟被派去蒙太羅調查的特使的態度的不耐煩形成共鳴。
Though thou shouldest bray a fool in a mortar among wheat with a pestle, yet will not his foolishness depart from him.	你雖用杵，將愚妄人與打碎的麥子一同搗在臼中，他的愚妄還是離不了他。
In bars 15 and 55 the final quaver of the left hand is executed with the final triplet quaver of the right.	在15和55小節中，左手的最後一個八分音符和右手的最後一個三連八分音符一起奏出。
Jack: I’ll have Australian thanks.	傑克: 那就來一個澳洲啤酒吧。謝謝。
It's something you can keep working on, that I need to keep working on, even Professor Raboteau needs to keep working on.	大家必須做到持之以恆，這也是我所追求的，甚至Raboteau教授也是一樣。
To cancel bonus for overwork, and to perfect the hospital-department profit-accounting system.	取消超額勞務分配，完善院科兩級覈算體系；
Sir Trevor Brooking believes Michael Ballack's arrival at Chelsea has had an adverse effect on Frank Lampard.	特雷弗．布魯金爵士相信邁克爾．巴拉克加盟切爾西對弗蘭克．蘭帕德造成了不利的影響。
With its convenient location and transportation, it has become one of the cities developing fastest in the strategy of "Rise of Central China".	它不僅有着連南接北、承東啓西的區位優勢，而且近年來已成爲中部崛起戰略中發展最快的中心城市之一。
Whether to apply to any other CIML Member for a certificate?	是否向其它國家的CIML委員有過申請？
A revision on the scientific and Chinese name of the verrucose wild rice indigenous to China.	文章題目 中國“疣粒野稻”拉丁學名和中名的訂正。
I just need some place where I can lay my head.	只想找個地方我可以倒頭就睡。
When you're together, you can deal more damage and spread the damage dealt, attacking and defending more effectively.	當你們抱團在一起，己方可以接受更多的傷害並給對方造成更多的傷害，更有效地進攻和防守。
An Effective Approach for ice hockey players to increase the physical power and remove the fatigue in large-load training and competition is to have a balanced meal and reasonable nutrition.	冰球運動員在大負荷訓練與比賽過程中平衡膳食與合理使用運動營養補充品是消除運動疲勞、提高體能的有效手段。
Military system designers at Thales Air Systems needed virtual machine military software for Normandie and Ground Master 400 ground radar systems.	泰利斯公司航空系統的軍事系統設計人員需要爲諾曼底（Normandie）和大地主宰 400（Ground Master 400）地基雷達系統尋找虛擬機軟件。
You may be able to afford the villa, but stocking the fridge, even heating the pool, can cost extra.	你或許租得起別墅，但在冰箱裏填滿食物，乃至加熱泳池可能都需要額外的費用。
A state-level election in which voters choose a candidate affiliated with a political party to run against a candidate who is affiliated with another political party in a later, general election.	爲州一級選舉，選民選舉某個政黨的候選人在以後的大選中贏取另一政黨的候選人。
Qualify, or private label at least one ENERGY STAR qualified integral LED lamp model within one year of applying to the integral LED lamps portion of the agreement.	符合條件的或私人的商標至少有一個具有能源之星資格的整體式LED燈型在一年內申請整體式LED燈的部分協議。
He was always excited by his life and busy with where it was going.	他總是爲他的生活而興奮，忙着它要去的地方。
This past offseason there were tons of reports circulating around Kobe Bryant's wish to be traded.	過去的那個休賽期，有很多關於科比想被交易的報道。
During the largest street demonstration of 30,000 women, the police decided to remove the demonstrators' banners so the women workers made a stand.	在最大的街道上有3萬多名婦女在遊行，警察決定把遊行的橫幅標語拿走才使得婦女們能有個站立的地方。
The presence of the holes will reduce mass flux of the channel and even cause a low speed region.	流經出流孔後，通道內的流速急劇下降，甚至會出現局部低速區。
The week also brings government data on inflation, which is expected to remain tame, and on housing, a sector still struggling to recover from the country's worst economic downturn since the 1930s.	下週政府將公佈通脹數據,預料將顯示通脹仍維持溫和,此外還有房市數據.目前美國房市仍在努力從1930年代以來最嚴重的一次經濟滑坡中復甦.
But he was wrong. My ride in the rain taught me a good lesson about motivation and discipline: we need it less than we think.	但是他說的不對。在雨中騎車給我上了很好的一堂有關激勵和自律的課程：我們所需要的激勵和自律比我們想象的要少得多。
Documents dragged to an application scope, for example, display listed in each instance of this component on any page of this application.	例如，拖拽到應用程序範圍的文檔將顯示在該組件在此應用程序的任何頁面上的實例中。
There was a rabbit, a bird, a squirrel, a fish and an eel, and they formed a Board of Directors.	有一隻兔子、一隻鳥、一隻松鼠、一條魚和一條鰻魚共組成一個董事會。
With their hair and eyelashes caked with sulfur, they perch the basket contraptions -- weighing about 75 kg (165 pounds) each -- on their shoulders.	頭髮和眼睫毛上沾滿厚厚的硫磺，礦工們肩挑的竹籃每隻重約75公斤。
Objective To observe the distribution of the neuropeptides in mouse sublingual gland.	目的觀察小鼠舌下腺內神經肽的分佈。
Listening to music/Reading/Biking is the favorite pastime of many people.	聽音樂/閱讀/騎單車是許多人最喜愛的消遣。
First of all, let me on behalf of our teachers and students to welcome you all.	首先讓我代表雙語小學小博士班的全體師生歡迎你們的到來。
I know him quite well, and there are wheels within wheels.	我很瞭解他，那裏的人事關係很複雜。
To change the so - called causality chaos. Let Lilith away from the Messiah to me!	改變所謂的混沌因果律讓莉莉絲遠離彌賽亞回到我的身邊！
The tool also automatically produces graphs for each major section of output.	該工具還將爲輸出中的每個主要部分自動地生成相應的圖形。
I only wish that Holmes could be here too, but, as you may know, he has now retired to the country to study the art of apiary - beekeeping , as it's more commonly known.	我十分希望福爾摩斯本人也能到場，可是大家也知道，他正在鄉下隱居研究養蜂術。
When using the mechanical recovery method with sucker rod pump in directional and horizontal wells, it needed install to centralizer on sucker rod string.	在定向井、水平井中使用有杆泵機械採油方法時，需要在抽油杆柱上安裝扶正器。
The justice ' clerk assert that the justice is functi officio.	法官的祕書宣稱法官已不再有管轄權。
Teaching gis the first duty of a teacher, both bitter, also have joy.	教書育人是教師的天職，既有苦，也有樂。 %。
Finish machine should be conduct on this surface. At the same time, the surface quality factor should be improved. The diameter of axle should be increased properly.	主軸的應力分佈主要在安裝擺環的軸頸表面，所以對該表面應進行精加工，同時提高表面質量係數及適當加大軸徑。
We expand the functions of cooperative groups and apply the co-management in Class management process.	在這一過程中，合作小組參與到班級管理工作的策劃、組織實施、反饋與改進中。
The article proposed a distributed IDS model, whose data collection unit was composed of classic IDS and backend components used to convert alert information to IDMEF format;	提出了一種分佈式IDS系統模型，其採集單元基於已有集中式IDS，僅增加後臺信息轉換組件，將其告警信息轉換爲標準的IDMEF格式；
The forward-looking “new export orders” components of China’s manufacturing PMI series indicate initial recovery in export demand.	中國製造業採購經理人指數(PMI)中的前瞻數據“新出口訂單”已經預示了出口需求正在復甦。
Meanwhile, a Google spokeswoman denied Chinese reports that the company had already decided to shut down its google.cn site.	與此同時，谷歌否定了中國關於谷歌已經關閉谷歌中國網站的報道。
The advantage of serum free and clone culturing technology was performed to isolate, culture, passage and induce neural stem cells from embryonic rat cortex, hippocampus and striatum.	方法從胚胎大鼠的大腦皮質、海馬、紋狀體等組織分離神經幹細胞，用無血清培養技術在體外進行培養、擴增、傳代和誘導分化。
The crowd-sourced fundraising site Loudsauce raised about $6,000 for a media buy, which means the ad will begin airing on U. S. cable channels in the next few days.	衆包募款網站“喧鬧醬”爲此募集了6000美金，用於媒體購買，這意味著其廣告將會在近期於美國的有線電視頻道上播出。
Knowlegde can change your fate and English can accomplish your future.	知識改變命運，英文成就未來。
'I don't know half the people here' she said in her low voice. Her son-in-law moved uneasily away.	“這裏有一半人我不認識，”她聲音低沉地說。她的女婿趁這當兒不安地躲到一邊去了。
Cheng says her mother was an advocate of this style of clothing.	沈婆婆說她母親是這種服裝的支持者。
Thank you so much. Your love for games is what drives me to want to keep making 'em.	非常感謝大家，你們對遊戲的熱愛是驅使我不斷製作遊戲的動力。
Khomyakov tried to originate foundation for philosophy and all cultures from the church thought, but he deviated from the church.	他試圖從教會思想引伸出哲學和所有文化的基礎，但他偏離了教會。
June 2001, A Kabylia region northeast of the village council coordination group organized demonstrations in the capital Algiers.	2001年6月，阿東北部卡比利亞地區鄉村委員會協調小組在首都阿爾及爾組織遊行。
Vernet glanced at the key but made no move to touch it.	韋爾內看了一眼那把鑰匙，卻沒有去動它。
I will walk among you and be your God, and you will be my people.	我要在你們中間行走,我要作你們的神,你們要作我的子民.
Compared with the same products in other countries, the type of fortified milk product should be enlarged and the quality need improving.	但與國外同類產品相比，國內在產品的品種上需進一步豐富，在產品的質量上需進一步提高。
Jane : Point taken. I 'll try to tone it down. I came up with this fabulous fried chicken recipe that'll knock your socks off.	珍珍：妳說的有道理。我會試著收斂一點啦。我想出來的這道絕贊炸雞料理將會讓你們驚歎不已。
Barking and Dagenham, West Ham heartland, contains an enclave where loyalty is shared with Dagenham and Redbridge FC, recently promoted from Football League Two to One.	巴金-達格納姆區是西漢姆聯隊球迷的中心地帶，卻有一塊“達格納姆和雷德布里奇隊”的球迷飛地，後者剛剛從英乙升入英甲。
The educational aim of Huijia School is to "be a great Chinese".	匯佳學校的培養目標是“做一個偉大的中國人”。
Following the conference, DCBA hosted several one-on-one meetings between US automotive suppliers and potential global business partners.	會後， 中華商會又承辦了美國零部件廠商和有可能成爲合作伙伴的中國公司企業一對一的有針對性的會議。
In one representative experiment, the knees of experienced marathoners, with multiple races behind them, were scanned with magnetic resonance imaging technology, and then scanned again 10 years later.	在一個代表性的食鹽中，有經驗的馬拉松運動員在參加更多的長跑之前做了磁共振成像測試，然後十年之後又重新做了測試。
Inod drive five miles on Friday night to see a fight that I like.	星期五早晨我要驅車五英里去觀看我喜好的拳擊賽。英語發音全面總結。
This program focused on the use and optimizationof aerogels as a high performance insulation material, encapsulated in innovative, lightweight packaging.	該項目集中研究了氣凝膠的用途和作爲高性能隔熱材料的最優化問題，以及包裝的創新性和輕便性問題。
He started his filial period of mourning when he was twenty-eight. It gets very cold in Manchuria. He used wooden boards and nails to build a small hut, but it didn't keep out the bitter cold.	這個王孝子，二十八歲開始守孝，東北那個地方很冷，他就用木頭板釘那麼一個小茅棚住着，很冷的。
He said he found plenty of food at his destination, but no means of distributing it to the hardest-hit areas.	在被迫停下的地方，他發現了其他車輛運送來了大量食物，但卻沒有辦法開進重災區。
The apparatus can have a remarkably enhanced yield.	該 設備可具有顯著提高的良率。
"History turns to the world history" and its meaning on the present age Exploration about the world historys theory of Marx;	中國革命與建設的實踐印證了馬克思對中國的預言，馬克思的世界歷史思想爲我國實行的改革開放政策提供了理論依據。
This feature provides the flexibility and on-demand functionality that is vital to cloud computing.	這個特性提供對於雲計算非常重要的靈活性和隨需應變功能。
After 93 years as a football stadium, Highbury is now being converted into over 700 high-specification studios, one, two and three bedroom apartments and penthouses.	海布里作爲足球場投入使用已經93年，她現在被改建爲一座包含700多個高質量套間和頂層豪宅的公寓。
And in the Dominican Republic, Tzi Chi honors exemplary students at the La Romana Tzu Chi School.	在多明尼加慈濟舉辦拉羅馬那慈濟中小學的模範生表揚。
From "function-structure", the paper analyzes the functions and the development advantages of the North Jiangwan and studies it from planning structure, spatial layout and transportation.	作者從“功能-結構”關係入手，分析了江灣城市副中心北塊的功能定住和發展優勢，並從規劃結構、空間佈局、交通組織等方面對其進行了研究。
Examples of 16 inference classes are used to test it. The results show that ideal inferences can be extracted with low cost if enough contexts are given.	利用16種推理類的實例對其進行測試，結果表明在有足夠上下文的條件下，該方法能夠得出較爲理想的推理，並且代價不高。
That we have been broken by love. And we both neet time to heal.	我們都曾爲愛而心碎，我們都需要時間治癒各自的傷口。
Other plants can't do without tanking up loads of sunlight.	其它的植物就非得飽嘗充足的陽光。
In the one case as in the other, the will is fatally swept on by the preponderant impulse.	在一個情況下，作爲在另一方面，將是致命的席捲就由優勢的衝動。
President Bush shrugged off the incident and said he never felt threatened.	布什總統對此事並不在意，他說，他從來沒有感覺到威脅。
“It’s the Gobi Desert, ” said Wang Yu, the vice director of economic planning. “There’s not much other use for it.”	“這是戈壁灘，”經濟規劃副局長王玉說，“沒有太多別的用處。”
It is possible that you inadvertently took an excessive dose of an over-the-counter preparation.	有可能是你把非處方藥吃過量了。
Progress towards this goal was initially good, with a 14.4% gain in efficiency until last year.	這一進程本來相當順利，到去年止，已經改進了14.4%。
It has become commonplace, in this digital era, that electric communication will spell doom for authoritarian regimes.	在這個數字化的時代，電子通訊將爲專制政權敲響喪鐘，已是很通常的說法。
Canada is meanwhile getting older and its population is shifting westwards.	加拿大面臨人口老齡化，人口重心也在西移。
"Yes, " and Nicky was sarcastic, "and the speaker might be one - legged.	“是的，”尼克不無諷刺地說，“說話者大概還是一條腿的吧！
A useful starting point as we set out to create a framework for a free press is to consider what rights are essential in order for journalists to do their jobs.	在確定一個自由媒體的框架時，一個有益的出發點是，考慮新聞記者做好本職工作所應有的基本權利。
He suggested that tangling fishing gear should be made a criminal offence.	他提議，纏繞捕魚器材應該算刑事犯罪。
Put 1/2 inch of Silica Gel in an airtight container -place the roses so that the blooms face up.	在密封容器裏倒半英寸硅膠，把玫瑰栽在硅膠上，花朵朝上。
And the name of the daughter of Asher was Sarah.	亞設的女兒名叫西拉。
Bullying has been making headlines lately, with the case of Tyler Clementi, the gay college student who committed suicide after falling victim to Internet harassment.	恃強凌弱問題近來成了人們關注的焦點。一位大學生泰勒金文泰，在被網絡恐嚇後，自殺身亡了。
When performance is critical, it is best to limit the number of calls to the Rule Execution Server.	當性能很關鍵時，最好限制對 Rule Execution Server 的調用量。
This guide contains all the information you need to get started developing pictures, animation, and sounds for the Motorola V197 handset.	這則指導包含爲摩托羅拉V197手機開發圖片，動畫和聲音入門所需要的所有信息。
The plant that brings thorn may injure a person, but the fine leaf, plant that brings thorn is not lucky, blankety -blank.	帶刺的植物可能會傷害到人，但細葉子、帶刺的植物不吉祥，毫無道理。
And the Volt is made in America while the Prius comes from Japan.	此外，Volt是美國製造，而普銳斯來自日本。
His soul is so noble and pure that he creates many lovely"flowers"which come from his heart . The lotus flower is most noticeable in all flowers.	他以他高潔的靈魂和他對美的追求，在對花的描寫敘述中，在對花的生命觀照中，創造出了異彩紛呈的花，其中蓮花最引人注目。
The variations in sensory evaluation, rigor index, and ATP related compounds were investigated in this paper.	本文從感官、僵硬指數和腺苷三磷酸（ATP）關聯物三方面對鰱在保藏中的鮮度變化進行了探討。
Just put me off the train at Dijon anyway.	總之，只要讓我在第戎下火車就行。
Mr. Gibbs has always been an old moneybags .	吉布斯先生一直是一個老守財奴（或：老富翁）。
Either taking ALG -P or ATG, the incidence of pulmonary infection in treatment was higher than in prevention.	預防性和治療性使用該類藥，肺部感染發生率是不同的，治療性使用者的肺部感染發生率較高。
In each country where Christie's has an office, our representatives help clients connect with our specialists and bring the best of what Christie's offers from its global sale centres.	於每個設有佳士得代表處的國家，各個代表都是客戶與專家之間的橋樑，同時爲客戶帶來世界各地佳士得的拍賣信息。
Li:In the volley-ball there will be matches between Beijing and Tianjian.	李：排球角逐是在北京隊和天津隊之間的。
I was a Teacher for America Corp member and I now work for TFA.	我是爲美國而教的成員，現在爲組織工作。
One day, Einstein was walking in a street in New Youk.	有一天，愛因斯坦走在紐約的大街上。
I can happily say I've been off drugs for nearly a year now.	我可以興奮地說我此刻快一年沒有沾過福壽膏了。
Ellenbogen's team recorded the brain-wave patterns of 12 volunteers who had to try to sleep in noisy laboratories over three nights.	傑夫•艾倫伯格的團隊紀錄了12名在吵鬧的實驗室中努力入睡三晚的志願者的腦電波。
The photosensitivity , alkaline solubility and viscosity of products increased as the ratio of maleic anhydride increased .	產物的光敏性、鹼溶性和粘度隨着酸酐配比的增加而增大。
They opened the door and the four men alighted .	他們打開車門，四個人都走了出來。
Then he began coming to doctors to write out for him the Latin names of medicines in Chinese characters.	接着他就開始請醫生們給他把藥品的拉丁名稱寫下來，用中文注音。
You can also create ringtones out of songs you downloaded.	你也可以將你下載的歌曲製作成手機鈴聲。
Moreover, governments have waged a relentless public-health campaign against the biggest cause of cancer-the smoking of tobacco.	政府更是毫不留情的資助了公衆健康戰爭，對象是癌症的最大誘因–吸食菸草。
Many were asked, but few were able to answer.	許多人被問到，可是很少人答得出來。
When he saw her at the party, he knew that he found his dreamboat .	當他在舞會上看見她時，知道自己已經找到夢中情人了。
Two profiles of wide angle reflection and refraction were carried out in 1998 around Jiashi and its adjacent area, the northeast side of the Pamirs.	1998年在帕米爾東北側伽師及其周邊地區完成了兩條深地震寬角反射折射剖面。
Consider your audience.	考慮你的聽衆。
Complete 100% special assignment or projects from CRS Manager by required time.	在要求的時間內100%完成租賃店經理指派的特別任務或項目。
The latest arrivals have come from the economically depressed areas of the Dominican Republic and Haiti.	島國上最新的移民者，是從多米尼加共和國和海地的經濟衰退區來的。
Wants efficient changeovers between products with minimum downtime.	用最少時間進行產品間轉換。
"You make your money selling CDs, but once in a while you have to show your product live in concert, " Welts said.	「你賣CD光碟賺錢，但有時候也得在音樂會現場展現你的作品。」韋自燴麼說。
Police in flak jackets are patrolling the districts hit by the violence.	身穿防彈衣的警察正在遭受暴力攻擊的地段巡邏。
When a young man reached 18 or 20 years old, the capping ceremony would be held.	一個年輕的男人十八歲或二十歲時，要舉行冠禮。
"These tell us what animals were doing, " said paleontologist Amanda Falk of the University of Kansas in Lawrence. “The behaviors are pretty much identical to modern plovers and sandpipers."	來自勞倫斯堪薩斯大學的古生物學家阿曼達•佛克說，“這些印記告訴我們鳥兒正在做什麼，這些行爲與現代的鴴和磯鷂非常相似。”
The MPC processes and organizes data, identifies objects, computes orbits, assigns tentative names and disseminates information on a daily basis.	MPC負責處理及整理資料、辨識物體、計算軌道、指定暫時名稱，以及每天提供資料。
Li provides legal consulting service for the multinational companies and other foreign companies on their investment businesses in China.	李超宇律師擅長處理公司兼併及收購業務、公司融資業務的法律事務以及一般的公司法及商法業務。
Then they assigned the participants -- aged 45-79 -- a score of between 0 and 4, giving one point for each of the healthy behaviors.	之後，研究人員給每位研究對象打分，分值範圍爲0分到4分，每一種健康習慣得1分。 研究對象的年齡在45歲至79歲之間。
The project aimed to study the production and its regulation of intracellular second messenger molecules in normal and cancer cells.	研究正常與腫瘤細胞中脂類第二信使分子的生成和途徑，包括該過程的調節因素；
In the article, titled "Labour big beasts maul Ed Miliband", Prescott was quoted as telling "friends" that "it is only early days, but it has not been a great start" by the party's leader.	這篇新聞以“工黨抨擊艾德 米利班德”爲題，並且報道說普萊斯考特被該黨領袖所指告訴他的“朋友們”，說“這只是早期情況，但不算是個好的開端”。
Of course this is done only under general anesthesia, and antibiotics and anti-inflammatory medication is used post operatively .	當然，這樣做是只有在全身麻醉下，和抗生素及抗發炎藥物的使用後手術。
A study found that at least a third of men want women stopped from wearing revealing outfits at work, with skimpy shorts the first to go.	一項研究發現，至少三分之一的男性希望女性不要在工作時穿暴露的服裝，最不能接受的是超短緊身褲。
The academy likened it to ear-piercing and said that it might satisfy the cultural requirements of people wedded to the practice.	該科學院將其輕描淡寫爲“穿耳手術”，並且說這種做法可以滿足某些特定人羣人們的文化需求。這類人羣有在結婚前行“割禮”的傳統習俗。
In a conference call last November, Mark Yusko of Morgan Creek Capital Management told clients: 'There's a rumor a day about how Citadel's going to go out of business.'	在去年11月的一個電話會議上，投資顧問公司Morgan Creek Capital Management的馬克·尤斯克(Mark Yusko)對客戶說，關於Citadel如何即將完蛋的傳言一天一個版本。
A value of -1 means no limit is imposed on the response headers received; a value of 0 means that all requests fail.	值爲 -1 表示在收到的迴應標頭上沒有任何限制，值爲 0 則表示所有要求都會失敗。
One source said ICBC was unlikely to team up with CIC for an ILFC deal because of concern it could erode its capital base.	一位消息人士稱,中國工商銀行不願與中投公司共同投標,因擔心這將侵蝕其資本金.
And the cause is clear, say the authors: 'It is very likely that [man-made] greenhouse gas increases caused most of the average temperature increases since the mid-20th century, ' says the report.	原因是顯而易見的，作者說：“自從20世紀中葉，很有可能是[人造的]溫室氣體的增多導致大多數平均氣溫的提升。” ，報告說。
To satisfy the need of high-precision-machining XPMC have numerical control machining center, electrode discharge machines, CNC wire-cut EDM and other metal machining equipment etc.	公司擁有先進的技術裝備，包括數控加工中心，數控電火花成形機，數控線切割機等。
Earlier this month, Obama and Qatar's Emir Hamad Bin Kahlifa al-Thani discussed Libya, other regional developments and the Israel-Palestinian peace process.	這個月早些時候，奧巴馬和卡塔爾埃米爾哈馬德.本.哈利法.阿勒薩尼討論了利比亞的問題、地區事態發展以及以色列和巴勒斯坦和平進程等問題。
"Milan do like Barzagli a lot, " Rosanero sporting director Rino Foschi conceded to journalists.	“米蘭確實非常喜歡巴爾扎利，”帕勒莫的體育主管裏諾·弗斯基向記者承認。
China is resolutely against politicizing economic and trade issues. The RMB exchange rate regime reform will by no means proceed under external pressure.	中方堅決反對將經貿問題政治化，人民幣匯率形成機制改革也不可能在外部壓力下推進。
At the weddings, the ugly girl always stood at the back of the church, smelling slightly of brine.	婚禮上，醜女孩總是站在教堂的後面，身上還散發着抹不掉的海水味。
Here, the Asia Water Project summarises the arguments.	以下是亞洲水資源項目對該論題的概述。
The lesson: "The Chinese stock market is largely divorced from the rest of Asia, " says Chua Hak Bin, an economist at Citigroup Global Markets in Singapore.	第一課：“中國的股票市場與亞洲其它地方完全脫節，”花旗環球金融有限公司的新加坡經濟學家查華兵（音譯）說。
With the continuous development of the national socialism marketing and the technology pattern, the internal and external circumstance of state-owed research institutes have changed greatly.	隨着我國市場經濟的發展和政府科技體制改革的深入，國有科研院所的內外部環境正在發生巨大變化。
And we will make sure we work hard to make sure those principles, those values … are part of helping set a new direction for this country.	我們一定要不懈努力，確保那些原則，那些價值觀念……在努力爲這個國家確定一個新方向的進程中發揮作用。
Shifting his quid in the interests of enunciation, he muttered desperately, "Audrey is the sweetest, sunniest little thing."	爲了給自己壯膽，他一個勁地向自己低語：“奧黛麗是最溫柔、最陽光的可人兒。
Figure 8 TRICHORD (Kanban Boards with Burndown Charts, Parking Lots)	TRICHORD（看板圖+燃盡圖+停車場圖）
Plus, van Schalkwyk’s factory employs locals.	而且，範·思卡爾維克的工廠僱傭當地居民。
A projection or tabs moulded on to the side of the component (Figure 4.20) and a conventional rectangular edge gate feeds this tab.	一個突出或護耳設置在塑件的側邊（圖4.20），由一個普通的矩形邊緣澆口通過這個護耳進行澆注。
Anfield erupted like never before and many fans lucky enough to be present that night swear the ground shook.	晏菲路球場既球迷即時史無前例地大聲狂呼﹐當晚有幸在場既球迷都發誓當時感覺到連地下都被狂呼聲震動。
Two times five is ten.	二乘五等於一十。
“We have to avoid an asymmetry between bold, if justified, loosening and unduly hesitant retrenchment,” Mr Trichet says in his article.	“我們必須避免政策不對稱的現象，一邊是儘管合理但大膽的寬鬆政策，一邊是過於猶豫不決的緊縮政策，”特里謝在文章中表示。
A conservationists eyes sparkle as he recalls building dams on Strawberry Creel in the California of his youth.	一位環保員回憶他年輕時在加利福尼亞草莓溪築水壩的經歷時，雙眼熠熠閃光。
Bouygues SA's accounts for 1988 make no mention of the involvement of SCDM or the brothers in this "transaction".	布伊格股份有限公司1988年的賬面一點沒有提到SCDM或者布伊格兄弟在這次“買賣”中插手。
During a lively exchange Seema Aziz of Care Foundation described a huge demand or what she called a "desperate desire" among poor people in Pakistan to give their children a quality education.	在一次熱烈的交流中，凱爾基金會的Seema Aziz描述了她稱爲巴基斯坦貧困人民讓他們的子女受到高質量教育的“迫切願望”。
The words concerned amount to about 40000. Section 1: a brief introduction on the basic theoretical problems of joint crime of Erfolgsqualifiziert Delikte.	第一節：結果加重犯中的共同犯罪中基本理論問題概述。
Mr Charles was elected (the) chairman of the municipal education committee.	查爾斯當選爲先生市教育委員會主任委員。
She was too slight to play basketball.	她太纖弱了，無法打籃球。
This invention relates to a sport implement-impact wave plate. It is composed of PE unweaving cloth lined internally with EPS foam stuff.	本發明衝浪板，涉及體育運動器具，衝浪板由PE不織布內襯EPS發泡料組成。
The acting career plummeted suddenly, he relied on alcohol to release.	演藝事業突然一落千丈，他便借酒澆愁。
The legality of the symbol is questioned in Mrs Mahew's plan for an alternative play: "the church, in cardboard ... brilliantly illuminated to symbolise she could work that out when the time came".	馬修夫人在另一部作品中對象徵用法的合理性提出質疑：教堂，紙板等等她能想出的象徵都在灼灼發光。
A little noticed change has been taking place in our time-world.	人們的時間觀念一直處於變化中，但注意這一變化的人並不多。
There should be some small warm and touch stories pass down from generation to generation in my perfect university.	在我理想中的大學，應當有一些溫馨而動人的小故事被代代流傳。
Other claims revealed by insurance company www. elephant. co. uk, motorists have cited naked pedestrian jumping on top of their car, as well as decomposing carrots smeared across the road.	大象保險公司公佈的索賠單裏還包括：駕車者目擊裸體行人在車頂上跳上跳下腐爛的胡蘿蔔汁弄溼了道路。
When we consider that it will take some time for China to become the next superpower in place of the United States, we know the key to our diplomacy lies in the relationship with the United States.	考慮到中國成爲取代美國的下一個超級大國還有待時日，我們知道外交的關鍵繫於對美關係。
With all the variety and adventure, Able Seaman Green said she enjoyed her work.	面對變化和冒險，二等兵格林說她非常喜歡她的工作。
Some experts consider that E -magazine and paper magazine will supplement each other.	業內專家認爲，網絡雜誌和紙介雜誌將相輔相承。
Also write down the time of day and the time of year.	也不要忘了記下年月日和時刻。
From any screen, you can hold down the search button for a few seconds and a voice menu automatically waits for a command.	無論你在那個界面，你都可以通過按住搜索按鈕幾秒鐘，然後語音菜單就會自動地等待你的指令。
There are lots of contradictions and stresses among urbanization, water resource and eco-environment protection.	現實的城市化與水資源及生態環境保護之間存在着各種矛盾與脅迫。
Gautama Siddartha, who became the Buddha, urged his followers to isolate themselves from worldly life.	喬達摩-悉達多，也就是佛陀，勸誡他的信徒們脫離塵世生活。
Because some of the traditional operations have been gradually substituted, to search for a new operation increasing point is becoming a real problem for China Post.	由於傳統業務不斷被替代，尋找新的業務增長點已成爲中國郵政面臨的現實問題。本文利用SWOT分析法，探討了中國郵政發展現代物流的可行性及策略建議。
And the big money is with the brand advertisers.	而且大品牌廣告商擁有更多的廣告費用。
Each February, 80 to 90 black, Hispanic and Native American kids visit Rice on an expenses-paid trip.	每年二月，80到90名黑人，西班牙裔和印第安人兒童會免費參觀萊斯。
Objective To investigate the value of ultrasound in the diagnosis of theca cell tumor.	目的探討超聲檢查在卵泡膜細胞瘤診斷中的價值。
In addition, analysis of fixation indices revealed a slight heterozygote deficiency in some populations and at some loci.	另外，固定指數分析顯示在一些種羣和位點有輕微的雜合子缺乏。
Frank:Is this training part of the package or will it cost extra?	培訓費是已經算在整套產品價格裏了，還是要另外收費?。
The data structure on the recording medium includes a temporary defect management area storing a data block.	記錄介質上的*結構包括存儲*塊的臨時缺陷*區。 數 據塊包括順序記錄信息和臨時定義結構。
The chaos algorithm combining with gradient descending method is adopted to improve the training, so that the global minimum of the calculation can quickly be found.	在網絡訓練方法的選擇上，將混沌優化算法和梯度下降法相結合，使計算能夠迅速收斂到全局極小點。
The EU's foreign policy chief Javier Solana is to travel to Arab and Muslim countries in an attempt to calm the anger caused by the cartoons.	歐盟負責外交政策的的高級代表賈維爾。索拉納將出訪阿拉伯地區和其他穆斯林國家，以平息由漫畫所引起的紛爭。
The interviewing consular officer may ask about relatives in the United States during the visa interview, just as he or she may ask about your family situation in your home country.	領事官員在簽證面談時可能會問及申請人在美國有無親戚，如同會問及申請人在國內的家庭情況一樣。
The layer of the imperial kiln of Yuan dynasty in Zhushan, Jingde.	景德鎮珠山元代御窯的地層問題；
When item comes up for consideration in First Committee, USDel should suggest postponement of consideration of this item until the sixth session, of the Assembly.	當該案在第一次委員會被提出討論時，美國代表團應建議將該案之討論延至總會第六會期。
If you are considering presenting them together in a bound format with tabs and full color glory, great!	如果你正在考慮把它們組織成表格和不同的色彩，那再好不過了！
Selaginella doederleinii is one of the species of plants for medicinal use of Selaginella, which has been used as the traditional medicine, especially as anticancer medicine.	深綠卷柏是爲數不多的藥用卷柏屬植物之一，具有良好的藥用效果，特別是抗癌作用。
I have decided not call up a replacement and thus give him all the time he needs to recover for the later stage of the tournament.	他說，“我不準備徵召替補隊員，這樣就能給他足夠的時間恢復，出現在隨後比賽的舞臺上。
God keeps you in the pressure-cooker of life so others can see how a life connected to Jesus confronts problems in a very different way than a life that is disconnected from Jesus.	主讓你的人生充滿壓力，其他人就會看到，相信主的人生在面臨困難是與不信主的那些是多麼的不同。
Compared with control, the treatment 1, artificially replenishing pollination and then damaging the corolla, obviously decreased seed amount, seed setting ratio and seed weight.	研究結果表明：（1）自然狀態花人工補充授粉後，破冠組在種子數目，結實率和種子重量等方面明顯低於對照組；
This is originally plum home MeiXianZu gentleman with black dragon hill bandits thief a bureau, goal is to rob to return to be commander w. connor took strong warlords old peony.	這本來是梅家大少爺梅賢祖勾結黑龍山匪賊設的局，目標是要搶回被軍閥司令馬戎強娶的老相好牡丹。
"Papa, " she said one day. "Why don't you throw that old wool hat away and get a nice cool straw hat?"	有一天母親說道：“老頭子，爲何你不把那頂破舊的厚帽子扔掉，去買一頂新的涼草帽？”
Following the end of the cold war, Southeast Europe became the most unstable region in Europe, with the specter of "Balkanization" wandering once again in Europe.	冷戰結束後，東南歐成爲了歐洲最不穩定的地區，“巴爾幹化”的幽靈再次在歐洲徘徊。
Jurassic strata are an important petroleum bearing sequences in Qaidam basin.	侏羅系是柴達木盆地的重要含油岩系，近年勘探連連有新發現。
They used new gene chip technology that allowed them to quickly screen for many of the tiny differences in the complex genetic code of DNA.	他們使用了一種新的基因芯片技術，可以從複雜的DNA基因編碼中快速篩選出細微的差別。
Relative ze-rorate seeding can be achieved by means of rational management of the seeder's dropping points, yet, the seeding quality was greatly improved.	型孔投種點的合理配置可實現相對零速投種，顯著提高了播種質量。
Next I will try my best to review my Japanese , hopefully , I could pass this examination successful and swimmingly!	接下來的時間，我將盡最大努力複習日語，希望我可以成功順利通過這次考試！
We should check the original documents of Pre-Qin period to distinguish whether "Hetu" and "Luoshu" are lattice diagram or not.	欲判明先秦文獻中所記載的“河圖”、“洛書”是否點陣之圖，首先應求於先秦文獻中有關“河圖”、“洛書”的原始記載。
Written standards and policies should be maintained on neutering, euthanasia, rehoming and other aspects of the shelter's operations.	在動物絕育、安樂死、領養和救助中心管理的其它方面，都應該制訂嚴格遵守的標準和政策。
Where's the marginal revenue, what's the marginal revenue look like in this picture on the left?	邊際收益是什麼樣子的,左圖中的邊際收益圖像是什麼樣的
Have the witness describe the car.	有目擊者描述那臺車。
In addition, the pepper is a natural disinfectant foot bath with pepper water can help treat athlete's foot.	此外，花椒還是一種天然的消毒劑，用花椒水泡腳還能幫助治療腳氣。
But sometimes, ISP's and mail service businesses have no interest in righting what went wrong.	但有時，互聯網的業務和郵件服務沒有興趣糾正想歪。
The day of the Melbourne Cup (a horse race!) is a public holiday in Melbourne.	墨爾本杯（賽馬）是墨爾本的公共假日
Beam string structure (abbrev. BSS) is an inner equilibrium system which bending resistance member and tension member is linked by brace strut.	張弦樑結構是一種用撐杆連接抗彎構件和受拉構件而形成的自平衡體系。
Some manufacturers dramatize light output measurements by using candlepower units. They can get away with this because light measurement terminology is unfamiliar to most people.	部分廠商使用燭光單位來衡量光的輸出，實際上他們可以避免如此，因爲光測量術語並不爲大部分人所熟悉。
Of course, if there are other more in line with the industry's performance, " Duan Pingkuai" self-serving demands, local officials may be in the choice of specific industries subject to change.	當然，如果有其它行業更符合政績的“短平快”自利要求，也許地方官員在具體產業選擇上會有變化。
Some problems concerned with the mast cells in the cardiac wall were discussed in this paper.	文中對心壁內這種細胞的有關問題進行了討論。
Fifteen months after the Beijing Olympics, Bahraini runner Rashid Ramzi was stripped of his 1500m gold medal Wednesday by the IOC because of doping at the Games.	當地時間18日，國際奧委會宣佈，剝奪2008年北京奧運會男子1500米冠軍、巴林選手拉姆茲的金牌。
Now I am making an attempt to explain the positions of categories such as primitive accumulation and some others.	這裏，對原始積累等範疇的位置，試提出一種解釋。
He knows his own worthiness, just as he does others. This kind of person is fine, very confident, and never complacent.	他知道自己的價值在那裏，也知道人家的價值在那裏，那種人很好、很自信，但是不自滿。
Method:The peripheral blood lymphocyte subsets were examined in 30 patients with lung cancer before and after operation by flow cytometric analysis.	方法：用流式細胞儀檢測30例根治切除的肺癌患者術前、術後不同時期外周血淋巴細胞亞羣中各種細胞因子。
When finished with the list, click OK then close out of Local Group Policy Editor.	完成列表後，點擊確定並關閉本地組策略編輯器。
Load, boom angle, and other indicators over their full range, for any significant inaccuracies.	由於任何明顯的誤差負荷、吊臂或其它指示儀超過其最大範圍。
She gives me a big smile every time she sees me.	她每次看見我都衝我熱情地笑笑。
The enchanting scenery of Nanxun The beauty of water town lies in not only its natural scenery but also its rich culture.	《南潯美景》水鎮之美，美在自然！不僅僅是外表美，而且內秀，富有濃郁的文化氣息。
In this paper, the sensibility of water resources in Laizhou Bay area to climate fluctuations, the regularity of drought and waterlogging, the water pollution and its hazard effects are discussed.	分析了萊州灣地區水資源對氣候波動的敏感性，旱澇頻率及水資源污染等問題。
GTC Holding is a holding company for real estate operations in Europe, India, and China.	環達通房產集團公司是一家在歐洲和中國從事房地產運作的控股公司。
Lucy: No kidding, please. After reading others' reply, you will remember, in your life, there used to be a lot of regretful affairs.	你不要開玩笑了，看了很多人的回覆，你會想起，在你生命中，曾經發生多少令人遺憾的事情。
Objective Emphasis on studying and making a conclusion on the comprehensive treatment for thermal-burned eye at acute period, nutrition irregular period.	目的重點研究總結眼表熱燒傷急性期、營養紊亂期的綜合治療。
Before taking blood, the valid identity cards of donators shall be verified;	採血前，覈對獻血者的有效身份證明；
And then, we'll even discuss some rarer cases like Capgras syndrome.	下面,我們將討論一些更加罕見的例子,比如卡普格拉綜合徵
Colton said: "Life is only a pursuit, the pursuit of a sovereign - is the pursuit of responsibility."	科爾頓說：“人生中只有一種追求，一種至高無上的追求——就是對責任的追求。”
This article is meant to study this problem from functional point of view. It is classified into the conjunctive adjunct and the modal adjunct.	本文從功能的角度把它分爲表示語篇功能的連接狀語和表示人際功能的情態狀語。
The author establishes micro and macro marks of the iron ore deposits and develops new philosophies of exploration for such deposits.	建立了海底熱液噴氣沉積型鐵礦牀的宏觀和微觀標誌，探索了新的找礦思路。
My computer is telling me to press any key to continue. Where is the 'any' key?	電腦提示：請按任意鍵繼續。這個任意鍵在哪？
The verification and measurement plan of checking fixture dimension should be confirmed by YFV engineer.	檢具的尺寸驗證測量計劃需得到延鋒工程師的確認。
Objective To evaluate the place and function of triple-phase scanning in enhanced scanning of pancreas, in order to explore the optimal scanning methods for pancreas.	目的科學評估三期掃描分別在胰腺增強掃描中的地位和作用，探索胰腺最佳掃描方案。
The benchmark Korea Composite Stock Price Index, or Kospi, rose 49.7%, its best year since 2005.	韓國綜合股價指數（Kospi）在2009年上漲了49.7%，爲2005年以來漲勢最猛的一年。
This paper also discusses the framework of forecasting the induced passenger flow volume in URT.	給出了城市軌道交通誘增交通量預測框架。
The data seem to indicate that this new antifertile agent for male, gossypol, does not influence the LH secretion of pituitary.	結果表明新的男性抗生育藥物——棉酚似乎不影響垂體的LH 分泌功能。
Finally, as a example, the unconditional probability and the probability of strong earthquake in coming 10 years in seismic zones of North China have been calculated by several methods.	最後，以華北地區的各地震帶爲例，用多種方法計算了它們的平穩無條件概率和河北北部區域未來10年的強震發生概率。
Larkins thanked MOST for providing Australia with relief efforts on the occasion of the fire, and appreciated the S&T achievements China has made in the past 30 years.	拉肯斯校長感謝科技部向澳方提供與救災相關的科技援助，並對中國改革開放三十年以來取得的科技成就表示欽佩。
Studying General Feng Yuxiang's clique-forming activities is beneficial to revealing his colorful life experiences and unique character.	研究馮玉祥將軍的結黨活動，對於展示他豐富多采的人生閱歷和獨特性格大有裨益。
This power can be abused – see political punditry – or it can be an opportunity.	這種權力可能被濫用——看看政治上的權威專家的意見便知——但也可能是個機遇。
The study may have implications for patients receiving growth hormone or other growth -promoting therapies.	該研究對接受生長激素或其它生長促進治療的患者有啓示作用。
But first, we need to know some terminology.	不過，我們首先需要了解一些術語。
Zisha clay art is an important component of Chinese national culture. Its unique shapes, special materials and functional considerations are its distinctive cultural attributes.	紫砂藝術是中華民族文化的一個重要組成部份。紫砂陶造型的特有氣質和材質的特殊性、功能的實用性構成了其特有的文化特性。
What property they had was divided and shared, just as the early Christian church of Acts had done.	他們的擁有的財產會平分，大家共享，就像聖經新約中基督教會所做的一樣。
The communication of the master computer and subordinative computer adopts RS232 serial interface, which adapt the long distance communication.	微機和下位機的通訊採用RS232串行接口，適用於遠距離通訊。
The paper present the new developments of Ni-W coat, Ni-W-B coat, tungsten composite coat and tungsten brush coat etc.	介紹了鎳鎢鍍層、鎳鎢硼（磷）鍍層、含鎢複合鍍層和含鎢電刷鍍鍍層等的研究與開發的近期進展。
Romans 1:16 "I am not ashamed of the gospel, because it is the power of God for the salvation of everyone who believes: first for the Jew, then for the Gentile."	羅馬書1：16 “我不以福音爲恥； 這福音本是神的大能，要救一切相信的，先是猶太人，後是希臘人。”
Morgan Stanley's chief John J. Mack reduced risk and diversified the bank's business to expand access to deposits. The company lost $578 million in the first quarter.	摩根士丹利的總裁麥晉桁一直在努力降低風險並多元化公司的業務，如開始從事儲蓄業務。該公司在第一季度虧損了5.78億美元。
Specifically, Lockheed Martin will furnish field support for 483 Radiant Mercury systems installed worldwide, and also continue to improve the systems’ capabilities.	具體來說，洛克希德·馬丁公司將爲483套輻射水星系統在全球的部署安裝提供支持，並繼續改進系統能力。
This paper argues that the political opinion of national self-determination of Second National Congress of CCP that did not adapt to the conditions of China was inevitable to some extent.	本文認爲，中共二大提出並不符合中國國情的民族自決主張，有其一定的必然性。
The shop will now be open Tuesday through Saturday, 1pm to 7pm. Come on by.	商店現在將開放週二至週六，下午1點至晚上7時。請到。
The garbage collection pause times are the most significant delays any threads encounter.	垃圾收集停頓時間是任何線程遇到的最顯著的延遲。
Internet Web sites have also been ordered to shut down entertainment content, and public recreational activities have been canceled.	互聯網站也被下令關閉文娛內容，公共娛樂活動也被取消。
When I go dhave the long steep Road of Darkness.	當我行走在黑暗而險峻的路上。
Researchers studied three decades of Major League Baseball batting averages and play-by-play data.	研究人員研究了過去30年職業棒球大聯盟擊球平均值和實況統計數據。
The principal must be hard-working, good at learning and enterprising.	校長必須是一個勤奮學習，善於學習，勇於進取的人。
CATV signals travel strightyly high up into the space from TV stations.	有線電視信號從電視臺直接送入空間。
The boxes could be used on existing box machinery, with some small modifications and can be reused between 10 and 20 times, said Penfold , after which they can be recycled.	箱子可用於對現有框機械，與一些小的修改和可重複使用10至20倍，說，彭福後，它們可以被回收利用。
All 8 right atrium were taken from human fetal heart at 17th to 21th conceptional weeks.	對胎齡在17～21周的8例人胎右心房作連續石蠟切片、間隔貼片法，進行了胎兒竇房結定位和觀察。
Objective:To study the effects of Daidzein on immunity organ.	目的：研究大豆苷元對免疫器官的作用。
On November 26 a prominent Pasadena attorney depressed about money shot and killed his wife their two sons and himself.	十一月二十六日，加州帕薩迪納市的一位著名律師由於經濟因素而意志消沉，槍殺了他的妻子和兩個兒子並飲彈自禁。
Learn how to handle setbacks. Life is made of ups, downs, and disappointments.	學會如何處理挫折，生活由順利，挫折和失望構成。
Divided according to the type contained in the jasmine flower tea, magnolia tea, osmanthus tea, Zhu Lan tea, grapefruit tea, Toi Toi tea, rose tea.	依照所含花的種類分爲茉莉花茶，玉蘭花茶，桂花茶，珠蘭花茶，柚子花茶，玳玳花茶，玫瑰花茶。
City Wall Bricks of Taizhou Prefecture <> They are bricks made in Song, Ming and Qing dynasties (from right to left).	台州府城牆城磚<> 自右至左依次爲宋、明、清城磚。
Covet Perfume by Sarah Jessica Parker was launched in 2007 and was Sarah Jessica Parker's second perfume in her collection.	Covet香水是在2007年出品，是莎拉傑西卡帕克個人香水的第二款。
Their hour-long conversation, from which Mr. Kuhn excused himself, concerned number theory.	他們長時間的談話，從庫恩先生爲自己的道歉開始，關於數論。
The Award Presentation Ceremony for Jiminy Cricket's Environmentality Challenge 2006/07 was held on 21 April 2007 at the Hong Kong Disneyland.	獎勵計劃2006/07頒獎典禮於2007年4月21日在香港迪士尼樂園舉行。
Look at my feet, grandma frozen stiff decided to make a pair of cloth padded boots.	看着我凍僵的小腳，奶奶決定給我做一雙布棉鞋。
Melbury did not seem to be particularly enlightened by this explanation.	麥爾布禮看來對這個解釋並不很明白。
The first part: to discuss the main concepts and characteristics of commercial subject.	本文第一章，主要介紹商主體的概念和特徵。
The insect found itself entangled in an inextricable net.	昆蟲發現自己被纏在一個逃脫不掉的羅網中。
The critical speed of one turbopump rotor on elastic support was computed by FEMQZ.	計算分析了某渦輪泵轉子在彈性支承下的臨界轉速。
THPC has been widely used as a chemical material in textile, agriculture, leather industry and so on.	近年來， THPC作爲一種化工材料廣泛應用於紡織、農業、 水處理和製革等領域。
The reflections of society can find expression in the typical description of love surroundings and love stories, which consigns the author's comprehension of the reality.	典型化的情愛環境描寫，以及情愛故事的描寫中透着社會的投影，寄寓着作者對現實的感悟。
Congratulations to Safe Return of 55 Dragon-Team Donkeies from Mt. Songshan!	熱烈祝賀龍之隊55人嵩山快樂行平安歸來！
A moving legend was often told around the area of Zhongxian County, Sichuan Province.	在四川忠縣一帶，則流傳着一則感人肺腑的傳說。
Unplug the jack carefully examined, D-type socket pin bends whether or Broken Needle?	拔下插口仔細檢查，D型插口中是否有彎針或斷針？
The source claimed the Sunday Mirror hired a voiceover artist to imitate famous people in order to get information about them.	這位線人表示週日明鏡報還聘請了一位語音輔助師來模仿這些名人，這樣他們才能獲得新聞。
Statuses, like wireless signal and battery life, are displayed along the rim of one of the screens.	至於類如無線信號、電池電量等狀態信息則被顯示在其中一塊屏幕的邊沿。
The server then wraps the data with the function name so that the function gets invoked with the data from the server passed into it.	服務器然後將數據與函數名封裝，以便函數得到調用，且來自服務器的數據被傳遞給它。
She loves to Gu five turned out to be Li Cheng Yin, jumped into the river each other after all, forget the.	她愛得顧小五原來就是李承鄞，彼此跳進忘川后，一切都忘的乾乾淨淨。
In terms of overall child protection, the United States is certainly in the top echelon.	從保護兒童的總體情況來看，美國肯定名列前茅。
For this reason, it is urgent to set legislation on exit of the listed-stock companies, so as to improve the exit mechanism in Chinese security market.	因此，我國急需對上市公司的退市問題進行立法規範，以完善我國證券市場的退出機制。
Here's how it works. A driver stuck in dense traffic honks his horn to alert the other drivers that someone needs to get through.	這就是操作的過程：陷於密集交通中的司機通過鳴喇叭來提醒其他司機，告知他們有人急於通行。
Rural environment features are draining in countryside development. Melting People-Oriented ideas into villages planning is actually needed and possible.	本文針對鄉村建設中本土環境特色流失的現象，提出了鄉村規劃中融入“以人爲本”設計思想的現實必要性與可能性。
Dvorak was interested in the folk music of both Europe and North America.	德沃夏克對歐洲和北美洲的民間音樂很有興趣。
This great victory changed the complexion of the war .	這次大捷使這戰爭改觀。
Especially, ginsenoside monomers, such as Rg3, Rh2, have wonderful anti-tumor activity.	尤其是人蔘皁苷單體，如Rg3，Rh2等更是有極佳的抗腫瘤生物活性。
We are busy preparing the land for sowing.	我們忙於平整土地，準備播種。
The life cycle is now finished and you can now assign the previously defined, business-modelled types to it, which will mean that they will be automatically governed into the life cycle when created.	現在就完成了這個生命週期的創建，現在可以將之前定義好的業務建模後的類型分配給它，這將意味着這些類型在創建時就可被自動地支配到生命週期中。
With the increasingly deep and widespread trend of internationalization on the part of China's commercial banks, the choice of entry mode becomes an imperative issue that commands resolution.	隨着我國銀行國際化進程日益向深度和廣度發展，進入方式的選擇成爲了必然要解決的課題。
Is the production line fully auto?	臨蓐線是全主動的嗎？
What were the subtexts of this venerable tale?	這部古老的童話所暗含的意義是什麼呢？
But the prospect of the arrival of the jet age on the island horrifies some heritage experts.	然而，要在島上實現噴氣機時代的希望着實嚇到了一些自然遺產保護專家。
Clean the lint filter in the dryer after every load to improve air circulation.	清潔林特過濾器在乾燥後，每一個負載，以改善空氣流通。
Gcj's class library is not quite complete, and on occasion a program will use some APIs which have not yet been implemented.	Gcj的類庫尚不完整，有時程序會使用到某些尚未實現的API。
The synthetic process of osmotic acrylic resin and the factors influencing the yield of the resin were discussed.	報道了滲透型丙烯酸樹脂的合成過程與結構表徵，探討了合成反應中影響產率的因素。
The use of a suture needle during removal of penetrating corneal foreign bodies is simple, effective, reliable, and inexpensive.	在移除貫通性角膜異物時縫合針的使用是簡單、有效、可靠和便宜的。
She returned to the hearth, and frankly extended her hand.	她又回到爐邊，坦率地伸出她的手。
It is imbroglio of feeling's kind And enmity holding up his feet.	是感情的恩恩怨怨的糾葛絆住了腳。
Objective:To explore the effect of comprehensive rehabilitation training on negative symptoms of chronic schizophrenics.	目的：探討綜合康復訓練對改善軍隊慢性精神分裂症患者陰性症狀的效果。
The phenomenon of corruption advances wave upon wave, facing to it we must find out its social origin.	面對前仆後繼般的腐敗現象，人們在探問它的社會根源。
I noticed a smell of perfume, so I guessed that a woman had sent the letter.	我注意到了一股香水味，於是猜到是一位女士寄的那封信。
For late bookings simply phone telex with dates, Wight and credit card details. Then meet us at the airport information Desk.	最晚也能預訂，只需電話電傳，說明日期、航班和信用卡詳況，隨後至機場問詢處與我們接洽。
It was probably some kittens, the abandoned and unwanted offspring of a family pet, discarded by a callous owner.	也許是哪個無情的主人把自己家寵物貓生的小貓仔兒給丟棄了。
In this case, the switch can be turned to any position between fully off and fully on to vary the brightness of the bulb.	在這個例子中，這個開關能夠被轉到全開 和全關的任一位置，來調整燈泡的亮度。
An acoustic neuroma is a benign tumor that develops on the balance and hearing nerves leading from your inner ear to your brain.	聽神經瘤是發生在決定平衡能力和聽力的神經上，該神經連接內耳和大腦。
I am sure that quite a few of you procrastinated doing their homework because they were swamped at work.	我相信有不少人拖延家庭作業，因爲他們陷入在工作的泥潭裏。
Through analyzing the wave impedance data and logging interpretation data, the relations of the former to the reservoir parameters were established.	通過對波阻抗數據和測井解釋資料的分析，建立起波阻抗數據與儲層參數的相關關係。
The trend of China's FDI policy should be neutral FDI policy based on rules.	中國的外商直接投資政策的取向應該是基於規則的中性化政策。
The essential relationship between Imperial Examination and public school is equal to that of examination and education.	科舉和官學教育關係的本質是考試與教育的關係。
The unification of Shenzhen and Hong Kong is a national target and HKU must not miss this opportunity; we have to move quickly.	深港一體化這個國家發展計劃一定會實現，而港大一定不可以錯過這個機會， 所以今次要先行一步。
I strongly believe that Japanese high school girls are the sexiest female living creature in this world.	我深信日本女子高生是世上最性感的雌性生物。
Do you know what his whereabouts are?	你知道他現在的所在之處是什麼？
The latest film he appeared in was Sahara, and in 2006 you can see him in Conquistadora.	他最新出演的影片是《撒哈拉》，而在2006年你會看到他現身《征服者》。
Even in the absence of system failures, there is another risk worth discussing in the above code -- concurrency.	甚至在系統沒有發生故障時，上面討論的代碼還有另一種風險 —— 併發性。
Mitsubishi Tokyo Financialpuorgwas a key decliner after forecast earnings downgrades as it absorbs UFJ's bad loans.	三菱東京金融集團的跌幅最大，主要由於該公司購入UFJ銀行的壞賬後遭調低盈利預測。
Fukoku Mutual will use the AI to gather the information needed for policyholders' payouts - by reading medical certificates, and data on surgeries or hospital stays.	日本富國生命保險公司將使用AI來收集保單理賠所需的信息—通過閱讀醫療證明、手術或住院的數據獲得。
Kids should be discussing their sexual behavior with their parents, who should play a role in their decision-making.	孩子們應該 和他們的父母談談他們的性行爲。
The big bed was specially made for Yao Ming, the giant basketball player.	這張大牀是爲籃壇巨人姚明特製的。
You hurt my feelings by betraying me when I'm in trouble.	你太傷我感情了，居然在我身陷困境之時背叛了我。
A test method based on Boundary-Scan technique is presented. It is partly applied in our laboratory.	在研究邊界掃描技術的基礎上，提出了可行的設備測試方法，並在部分實驗室得到了應用。
Further invigorating small-sized state-owned enterprises in an important strategy decided by the government.	進一步放活國有小企業是國家確定的國有小企業改革的重要戰略措施。
Syncing with BlackBerry Enterprise server has long been one of the most requested features among Google Apps customers.	一直以來，Google Apps用戶都希望可以實現與黑莓企業服務器的同步。
Today we learn the Zhang Peng's day. You can use some sentences to talk about your day. And talk about this story to your parents after school, OK?	今天我們一起學習了張朋的一天，你們課後把這個故事講給你的爸爸、媽媽聽，並要學會用簡單的句子描述自己的一天，好嗎？
The third command samples 15% of all rows, does not collect distribution statistics, and also applies sampling to indexes which the first and second commands didn't.	第三個命令抽取 15% 的行，但是不收集分佈統計信息，並對索引也應用了抽樣，這不同於第一個命令和第二個命令。
Hongxing flower market has started Spring Festival selling since January 19. The market has hot selling since then, specially the popular types including jasmine, lilies, roses, chrysanthemums etc.	常見的年花如菊花、百合、玫瑰、海棠花等依舊俏銷，具有喜慶寓意的品種更是備受歡迎，如寓意吉祥富貴的福壽果、象徵紅火興旺的金橘、祝福財源廣進的發財樹等。
My most abstruse class was Advanced Calculus Mathematics.	最深邃難明的課非微積分莫屬。
Methods: To retrospective analysis about the 97 cases of hospital acquired pneumonia in ICU.	方法：對ICU科內97例院內獲得性肺炎狀況進行回顧性分析。
We are against the irresponsible attitude of standing aloof from things on the ground that they're no concern of ours.	我們反對事不關己， 高高掛起的自由主義態度。
The result of comparison Shows that it is more effective using the filtered EMD to analyze the vibration signal motion composition of rotation machinery than the un-filtered one.	比較結果說明用濾波後的經驗模態分解方法對旋轉機械的振動信號波動組分分析比未濾波的有效。
Clove small kitchen officially opened, the clove and jade beads carefully, particularly prosperous business.	“丁香小廚”正式開業了，在丁香和玉珠精心的經營下，生意特別紅火。
The sun blistered the paint on the wall.	在陽光下牆上的油漆起氣泡了。
May the earth in my body merge in the paths where he walks, and may the air in my body be used to fan him.	願我軀體中的土融入他散步的小路，並願我體內之氣被用於爲祂扇風。
I live in a fast HOMESTAY month, but in fact is a very good feeling, not a delicious tastes, and we really can be said to be lucky children ah!	我在HOMESTAY住了快一個月了，其實感覺是很好的，沒有有好吃的好喝的，我們真的可以說是幸運的孩子啊！
Mr Banfi, from Cadro, Switzerland, took these snaps last summer while on a dive with his partner Sabrina.	來自瑞士盧加諾的Banfi先生去年夏天和一起潛水的同伴Sabrina拍攝了這些快照。
If this reputation for skulduggery is right, Switzerland, home to about one-quarter of the world's offshore money, is in big trouble.	如果真的有作假這個名聲，那麼瑞士這個佔世界離岸資金四分之一的國家就會有大麻煩了。
Bottles, yogurt tubs o candy wrappers made of LeanMaterial would all be degradable.	用它製造的瓶子、酸奶杯和糖果包裝都是可降解的。
In February, Steven P. Jobs had learned that, after years of fighting cancer, his time was becoming shorter.	二月，經過幾年與癌症的抗爭，史蒂芬·保羅·喬布斯知道自己已經去日無多。
Song Dynasty Porcelain in China to new heights, the porcelain is a wonderful work of this era.	宋代是我國瓷業發展的一個高峯，景德鎮青白瓷則是這個時代的一朵奇葩。
Life creates itself in delirium and is undone in ennui.	生命自創於狂亂，破滅於厭倦中。
When you’re a kid, you cannot go anywhere by yourself.	當你是一個孩子的時候，你不能自己去任何地方。
In this paper we try to explore the problems of the nonmonotonic reasoning and formalization used by the expert systems.	本文試圖對專家系統使用的非單調推理及其形式化問題進行初步探討。
The date of the first soaking rain in spring sowing period of Liaoning province is of obvious inter- decadal characteristics.	春播期透雨出現時間具有明顯的年代際變化特點；
The adjoint variable method for design sensitivity analysis of multibody system dynamics based on ordinary differential equations is presented.	基於常微分方程數學模型建立了多體系統動力學設計靈敏度分析的伴隨變量方法。
It requires proof of assets, bank guarantees, countless applications.	它需要財產證明， 銀行擔保， 無數的申請表。
The paper studies dynamic characteristic for industrial steam turbine digital electro hydraulic governing system.	研究了工業汽輪機數字電液調節系統的動態特性。
Christopher Columbus, who started his voyage from the same Canary island, also had to wait awhile.	哥倫布同樣在加勒利羣島開始他的航海探險，即便是他，也等了一段時間。
Swype is almost instantly usable, but you need to do a little digging to find all the amazing things it can do.	Swype幾乎是能夠立馬上手，但是你還是需要一些探究，去發現它能做些什麼神奇的事。
Zhang Hong: Thank you. It's very sweet of you to say so.	張宏：謝謝你。你這麼一說，真是太好了。
However, executive function is detachable.	但是，執行功能具有可分離性。
Construction projects include: sightseeing routes, pedestrian sightseeing path, parking lots, hospitality center for tourists and other affiliated facilities.	建設內容爲：觀光路線、步行遊覽路、停車場、遊客服務中心和配套設施。
At heart, she was a people person.	愛波倫絲太太是一個“people person”。 也就是說，她是一個能理解人的人。
Augustus's brother, Otto, devised the scheme to corner United Copper, believing that the Heinze family already controlled a majority of the company.	奧古斯特的兄弟奧托策劃壟斷美國銅礦，當時海因策家族已在公司一手遮天。
Our Gym offers a full and up-to-date range of exercise and health equipments, Chess Room, table tennis and so on.	健身中心致力於國際流行時尚的康體健身標準，內設有棋牌室、乒乓球等設施。
A home may be destroyed by fire, damaged by lightning, or leveled by a tornado.	一個家可能毀於大火、 雷擊，損壞或龍捲風夷爲平地。
So there is a great value to develop Meihuashan ecotourism, it can advance not only the co…	提出開發梅花山生態旅遊潛在價值巨大，在促進社區經濟發展的同時，又可促進生物科學的發展。
Which was in the name of Andromeda, the brightest star.	那就以“仙女座”的名義——那顆最明亮的星辰。
Zooming in with your weapon is different now too. Instead of just getting a closer view and aiming via a red dot or crosshair, now you're looking through a scope and moving a red targeting circle.	用武器瞄準時的縮放現在也有不同，只是獲得一個近距離視角再通過紅點或者準星瞄準的方式被取代，而是你通過瞄準鏡觀察，並移動一個紅色目標圈。
The results have shown that both good leaner and poor learner employ textual-level information more frequently than other types of information.	實驗結果表明：優，差學習者大多都依靠了對篇章的理解來完成題目。
What's going on with you and Bryce Loski?	你和布萊斯·洛斯奇發生什麼事了？
Lion Legends II Connection Machine has 2 chances to win, with a lucky seat, with a lucky animal, to prevent Trojans!	獅王傳奇II 連線機有2次中獎機會，帶幸運座位，帶幸運動物，杜絕木馬的功能！
Thus, the work of unpacking is very simple and convenient.	因此，打開包裝的工作非常簡 單而方便。
If so, please visit our professional movers, and packaging, climate control, rental storage unit in Novi, "Michigan."	如果是這樣，請訪問我們的專業搬運工，包裝工，氣候控制，存儲單元的租金在Novi密歇根州。
The big department stores include the Brilliant Plaza, Huidu Ginko, the Golden Eagle (Department Store) and so on.	大的商場有柏聯、匯都金格、金鷹百貨等。
Holiday makers travelling in Shanghai must taste raw-fried steam bread.	生煎饅頭是遊客在上海旅行必嘗的食品。
Erhai Lake （in Yunnan Province）	洱海
A growing body of evidence indicates the importance of B-cells rather than autoantibodies in lupus;	越來越多的證據顯示，狼瘡患者中是B細胞而非自身抗體在起作用。
Neither Contractor nor TES shall, by reason of the termination, be liable to the other for compensation.	無論是承包者或工商業污水附加費，應當由終止的原因，應承擔賠償責任外。
The road winds through the forest.	這條路蜿蜒穿過森林。
At the rate that commodities are reaching parity with stocks, they will quickly become not an option.	在商品率達到於股票持平之際，它們很快將不會成爲一種選擇。
'In everything we do, we will ensure we get to extend our fairness agenda in the years ahead,' Mr.Brown told journalists at the G20 group of leading economies gathered in Washington this weekend.	週末在華盛頓召開的二十國集團(G20)峯會上，布朗對記者表示，在所有采取的措施中，我們將確保未來數年繼續體現公平。
God knows that , and created us totally free.	上主深明此理，因此將我們創造成了自由。
It's time to return to the fundamentals when it comes to U.S. interests in Pakistan.	當談到美國在巴基斯坦的利益所在，現在就該回歸正題。
South Korea on Tuesday confirmed the sixth outbreak of foot-and-mouth disease in April, barely a month after the country declared itself clear of the highly contagious disease.	週二，韓國證實爆發四月份的第六次口蹄疫疫情，距離該國宣佈清除此類高傳染性疾病僅僅過了一個月。
She has done a beautiful thing to me.	她在我身上做的是一件美事。
A helpful conclusion is obtained by comparing experimental results of rubber particles to those of nylon-1010.	並把實驗結果同文獻中尼龍1010的實驗結果進行了對比，得到了有益的結論。
Both Becky and Jack hate it , so…	貝基和傑克都很不愛喝粥，所以……
In all study schools , at least 50% of children were eligible for free or reduced -fee lunch .	所有參與研究的學校中，至少有50% 的孩童符合接受免費…
Therefore, the "realism" can in fact be used as a dimension of our art study. From phenomenon to method, we will change the cognitive condition of knowing the phenomenon rather than its meaning.	從現象到方法，可以使我們在當代文化視野和哲學背景上，擺脫長期以來對現實主義知其所是而不知其所義的認知狀況。
Q: Myanmar has reportedly called off a hydropower station project invested by China.	問：據報道，緬甸方面叫停了一個由中方投資修建的水電站項目。
A ghost is following your girlfriend.	有鬼跟着你的女朋友。
"The food on the cruise ship was wonderful, "she said, "and flying the Colora do was a thrill.	“遊船上的食物很好，”她說，“而且飛越科羅拉多大峽谷實在刺激。
Sony Ericsson introduced the most powerful version of the history of Tate's version has the sound vibrations 2 (also known as dig the earth) card games!	隆重推出索愛版史上最強有聲震動版大老2（也叫鋤大地）紙牌遊戲！
Random amplified polymorphic DNA(RAPD)was used to study the classification and identification of 23 olive(Olea europaea)cultivars.	採用RAPD技術對23個引種的油橄欖品種進行分類和鑑定研究。
Because my stamp dreams from youth, and the true philatelic career is derived from the son was born that year.	因爲我的集郵夢想源自青春時期，而真正的集郵生涯卻源自兒子出生那一年。
And what here is just a graph of the 1 s wave function going across some radius defined this way, and you can see that the probability - well, this is the wave function, so we would have to square it and think about the probability.	這裏是,1s波函數,沿這個方向的圖，你們可以看到概率,這是波函數，所以我們可以把它平方,並想成是概率。
> What's the difference between a compiler and a Makefile?	>，編譯器和Makefile有什麼區別？
He is a junior it?	他是一個初中生嗎？
Previous experiments based on macroscopic electromagnetic wave propagation (involving lots of photons) have shown that the optical precursor is the fastest part in the propagation of an optical pulse.	先前基於宏觀電磁波（包含大量光子）的實驗已經證明，光前驅是光脈衝在傳播過程中最快的部分。
So that could be a firm, it could be a law firm, for example, and they're going to share equally in the profits .	比如說可能是個律師事務所,這兩家公司平分利潤
Experimental results show it is certain that use refinery cinder heated by microwave for the desulfurater of flue gas, and the maximum desulfurizing ratio reach to 50.8%.	從試驗結果看，微波加熱精煉爐渣製作脫硫劑是可行的，脫硫率最高爲50.8%。
Identifying the presence of "tree-in-bud" is very important in the differential diagnosis of centrilobular opacities , as it strongly suggests the presence of infection.	討論：典型的樹芽徵對小葉中心型陰影的鑑別診斷很有意義，它強烈提示感染性病變。
I hope these suggestions can make the Chinese middle school teachers in the composition of the teaching process to offer a few practical guidance and help.	希望這些建議的提出能給初中語文老師在作文的教學過程中提供一點實際的指導和幫助。
But the advice he gave me for my new job was: “You'll always want to have butterflies in your stomach.	但是他對我的新工作提了些建議：“你得時刻兢兢業業，如履薄冰。
The Reds winger's form has been jaw-droppingly good in recent weeks, scoring 16 goals in his last 13 games.	這位紅魔的邊鋒最近的表現讓人瞠目結舌，他在最近的13場比賽中攻入了16球。
Frankly, WHO does less well in managing humanitarian crises, but we are rapidly improving.	坦率地說，世衛組織對付人道主義危機工作做得並不太好，但我們正迅速改進。
The fifth is Old-type News Facts.	五是陳舊型新聞事實。
In times of prosperity, we have to be prepared for adversity.	在順境 的 時候，我們要居安思危；
The AJDT homepage: Download the latest version, find out what's new or get involved in the community.	AJDT主頁:下載最新版本，查看版本的更新內容或者參與團體的討論中。
But even if the six agree, he added, “hitting everyone else with something this major, it’s going to take some time to be digested.	他又補充道，“但即使這六個人同意這足以刺激其他人的大事，這也需要一段時間才能完全接受。
Organisers told AFP the east-to-west route symbolised Hungarians' desire to remain rooted to the West rather than Russia.	組織者告訴法新社，他們從東到西的遊行路線象徵着匈牙利人的願望：植根於西方，而非俄羅斯。
And one of my, one of my favorite writers is Tim Winton and I just love his narrative drive.	提姆·溫頓是我喜愛的作家之一。我就是喜歡他敘述的推動效果。
It took rampant STDs during WWI to get the federal government involved in sex ed.	第一次世界大戰期間，性傳播疾病極爲猖獗。 這使得聯邦政府被捲入性教育。
The analysis of fission-track length distribution showed that bedrocks of NMQB has been gradually uplifting since the early Yanshan;	對徑跡長度分佈分析發現，柴北緣基岩自燕山早期以來一直處於逐漸擡升狀態；
With IBM Rational Manual Tester, the test author can supply the expected output data when documenting the test.	使用IBM Rational Manual Tester，測試編寫者可以在記錄測試時提供預期的輸出數據。
As a result of such a belief, this initiate rejected the freedom vibration within the Language of Light.	作爲這樣一個信念的結果，該提升者拒絕了光之語中的自由振動。
I locked all the doors.	我鎖好了所有的門。
Conclusion The tendon-pricking, fat-excising and catgut-embedding therapy has obvious therapeutic effect on gastroptosis.	結論：挑筋割脂埋線療法治療胃下垂效果顯著。
Any liquid could be solidified under the certain conditions.	任何液體在一定條件下均可固化。
When was the last time we built something this size… in four years????	上一次是什麼時候，我們能建如此尺寸的巨大工程，而且還能在四年內完成???。
Appearance : the good parts should weigh no rust, cracks, electroplating ill.	應良好無秤鏽、裂痕、電鍍不良現象。
With high chopping frequency and novel control strategy, the size of filter elements is reduced and switching loss of IGBTs drops.	由於採用了較高的斬波頻率和新穎的控制策略，減小了濾波元件的尺寸，並降低了IGBT的開關損耗。
While it was hard to see the euro rallying hard without some progress on this front, the Australian dollar could be headed back toward a peak just above $1.10 hit in early May, he added.	他補充說,儘管在這方面若未出現些許進展的話,很難看到歐元勁揚;但澳元仍可望攻向5月初所觸及略高於1.10美元的峯值.
Many students majored in Primary Education in our college don't meet the requirements of Chinese abilities of elementary education.	目前師專小教專業的學生語文學習狀況與基礎教育的要求有較大差距。
Still water and still religion freeze the quickest.	一潭死水和死寂的宗教冰凍得最快。
The dynamic performance during fibrous filter clogging and the effect of various parameters on filtration performance were investigated using polydisperse ashes.	使用多分散性粉塵，在實驗室內測試了天然氣用纖維過濾器的非穩態性能，以及各種操作參數對其性能的影響規律。
"I'm not angry, " James Bain, 54, told reporters after a brief hearing in Bartow, Florida.	“我不生氣” 在佛羅里達巴託市的一個簡短聽證會後，54歲的詹姆斯貝恩告訴記者。
As he puts it, there's a famous syllogism that people learn in their logic classes from Aristotle.	他的說法是，人們在亞里士多德的,邏輯課堂上學到一個著名的推論。
Say, take pen at another Cheng heart paper up drew several pens, immediately delineate the shadow of pure bamboo.	說着，就拿了筆在另一張澄心紙上畫了幾筆，立刻勾勒出清竹的影子。
I love all of this, the peaceful, the things as they come, natural things, love such a eternity, vitality and unending life.	我愛這一切，愛這份恬靜、愛這樣的順其自然，不加一絲的人爲修飾、愛這份永恆、愛這樣的生機蓬勃、源源不絕。
All the old lady did was quote a scripture to you.	這位剩女所做的就是念了一段經。
Methods: Ultrasonography, radionucleotide hepatobiliary scan and CT scan were performed on 94 infants (aged 8 to 120 days) with obstructive jaundice.	方法： 對94例年齡8～120天阻塞性黃疸患兒進行B超、 肝膽核素動態和CT檢查。
He has published over twenty collections of poetry, prose poems, essays, literary commentary, and translated works including poetry and novels.	出版有詩集、散文詩集、散文集、理論集、小說集翻譯詩集等二十餘種。
While the lightness variation is well correlated to the magnetic susceptibility record, its application as a summer monsoon proxy should be cautious due to the complicated controlling factors.	雖然亮度變化同磁化率具有較高的相關性，可間接反映風化成土作用的強弱，但由於影響亮度的因素比較複雜，因此，在用亮度進行古季風強度重建時要慎重。
It is found that the process of development of the illustration and reception of The Book of Songs is clear in the interpretation of Guanjiu of all times.	在歷代對《關雎》篇的解讀中，可以發現《詩經》的闡釋和接受有着較明晰的發展過程。
Bingzhi set up the first biology department of China in Southeast University. The biology lab showed in the picture in 1921.	1921年秉志東南大學創辦了國內大學中第一個生物系。圖爲生物實驗室。
A man was sitting in a bar with tears streaming down his face.	他就要死了嗎？ 一個男人坐在酒吧裏痛哭流淚。
The waterlogged lowland and clay salinized land accounted for 80% of the area′s low yield farmland.	低窪澇漬田和粘閉滯漬田是漬害土壤的主要類型，約佔全市低產田總面積的80％。
Okinawa, Japan: Visitors marvel at Asia's largest aquarium viewing window at the Okinawa Churaumi aquarium.	日本沖繩，遊客在沖繩美之海水族館號稱亞洲最大的觀景窗前流連忘返。
With more international exchanges, by-lingual teaching is bound to become the order of the day.	隨着國際交往的擴大，“雙語教學”在高職院校中勢必星星之火，可以燎原！
Deletes a subkey and any child subkeys recursively, with optional exception handling.	透過選擇性例外處理，遞迴地刪除子機碼和任何子系子機碼。
Using wchar_t is not an option, because the size of wchar_t is defined by implementation.	使用 wchar_t 是不可行的，因爲 wchar_t 的大小由實現決定。
"Its a good example and a good indication of Russias internal political stability, " he added.	他說：“選舉結果充分體現了俄羅斯國內政局的穩定。”
Conclusion The contract dermatoses are the importance work at the countryside, some allergy dermatoses are also paying attention to for its going up.	結論感染性皮膚病仍是目前農村防治工作重點，部分變態反應性皮膚病不斷上升，也應引起重視；
Racily turned out young women subbed little black dresses for the customary lawn-party whites.	熱辣打扮的年輕女子們爲合乎習俗的草坪招待會白帶替換小黑裙。
The left slice shows an area active during extemporaneous speech just posterior and adjacent to the tumor.	左切片顯示面積活躍在即席講話只是後，毗鄰的腫瘤。
American non-business organizations include government, state non-profit organizations and state enterprises etc.	美國的非商業組織包括政府機構、公營非營利組織和公營企業等單位。
So every book catalog has a title card.	這麼說，目錄櫃中每本書都有一張書名卡。
That situation has often been compared to peeling the skins of an onion.	這正如一層一層剝下洋蔥皮。
The mandala may have derived from the circular stupa and the ritual of walking around the stupa in a circle.	曼荼羅也許是源自圓形的佛塔和環形圍繞佛塔行走的典禮。
Look, the tree looked much more like the Olympic Games torch, which is maple, it leaves a film like a red, a "small hands", which each "little finger" all have some small The serrated.	瞧，那棵樹遠遠看去多像奧運會上的火炬，那是楓樹，它的一片片葉子像一個個拍紅的“小手掌”，它的每個“小指頭”上都有一些細小的鋸齒。
Fifth part: With commutes a sentence the related concurrent punishment for several crimes question.	第五部分：數罪併罰中減刑適用問題。
A brush head support reduces vibration and makes the machine extremely stable yet manoeuvrable.	前置刷頭減少了震動，使機器在保持非常穩定之餘更能靈活的運作。
Many schools around the country have adopted similar coursework.	全國許多學校創立了相似的課程。
A weakened Tropical Storm Alberto, the first cyclone of what is expected to be a busy 2006 Atlantic hurricane season, swamped coastal towns on Tuesday as it splashed ashore in northwest Florida.	週末襲來的熱帶風暴亞柏託是2006年大西洋颶風旺季的第一個氣旋，週二打上佛羅里達西北海岸，讓海邊的城鎮成了水鄉澤國。
The problems arose when 'some people just got too big-headed and focused too excessively on profit,' Mr. Toyoda said at a Beijing news conference in March.	豐田章男3月份在北京的一次新聞發佈會上說，當有些人變得過於自負、過於專注利潤的時候，問題就出現了。
The state-run company responsible for the venues, Hellenic Olympic Properties, says many of the properties have now been leased.	Hellenic Olympic Properties（希臘奧林匹克資產管理公司，HOP）是負責管理這些場館的國有企業，據他們說，很多資產已被出租。
Conclusion: Endarterectomy is an effective way for the treatment of carotid artery stenosis.	結論：頸動脈內膜剝脫術是治療頸動脈硬化性狹窄的有效方法。
Objective To research a kind of therapeutic scheme, which can control uterus bleeding and remove abdomen pain during the inter menstrual period.	目的探討中醫驗方結合口服戊酸雌二醇對月經中期出血、消除腹痛的療效。
Sharapova lost to Sam Stosur in her opening match on Tuesday.	週二莎拉波娃在她的首場比賽中輸給了薩姆斯托瑟。
The Kena-upanishad discusses the qualities of the divine essence (Brahman) and the relationship of the gods to the divine essence.	卡那奧義書論述了神聖要素（ 婆羅門） 的品質和衆神與神聖要素的關係。
Within three rings, with a smile in your voice and thanking the customer for holding.	鈴響三聲內面帶微笑地接起電話，並總要對客人的等候表示感謝。
The second day went much like thefirst, and the third day went much like the second.	第二天我們過的基本和第一天差不多，第三天照舊~~！
There are some indications that investors moved to better discount a damp squib statement in recent days as authorities from across the globe sought to diffuse tensions on potential 'currency wars'.	一些跡象顯示,投資者最近幾日對會議聲明已不那麼重視,因全球當局尋求緩解對可能發生"匯率戰"的緊張情緒.
An S5 speaker unit, or more than one.	一個S5揚聲器單元，或者多個S5單元。
Each a memory like a thorn, little pile of form a word.	每一段回憶都像一根刺，一點一點堆成一個字。
Inevitably, copycats have arrived, and investors are pushing and shoving to get in early on that action, too.	不可避免，仿冒隨即而到，投資者在這些項目上也是推波助瀾。
The real war will never get in the books.	真正的戰爭永遠會隱沒於歷史的黑暗面。
Listing 14. Listing of all the filesystems in test1	清單 14. test1 中所有文件系統的列表
It's edited by Jahan Ramazani, formerly a Teaching Fellow in this course.	由之前的一個教學人員讓，拉馬紮尼所編。
Sachsenring is a complicated track and my best result there is only third, but I don't think about statistics when I race.	薩赫森靈是一條複雜的賽道，我在那裏的最好成績只是第三，但我比賽時從不爲那些統計數據所累。
He writes, The financial services industry has claimed an ever-growing share of the nation's income over the past generation, making the people who run the industry incredibly rich.	他寫道：“在過去的一代裏，金融產業在全國的收入比重越來越大，那些從事此行業的人們難以置信的富有。
The staple center is set to hold the public memorial for the king of pop on Tuesday.	週二紀念這位流行之王的公衆悼念活動將在斯坦普斯中心舉行。
Heartless laugh, was the best thing that I have.	隃罏沒心沒肺的笑，是我擁有的最美好的東西。
The critic James G. Huneker helped to inform the public of the revolutionary achievements of Diaghilev and the Ballet Russe.	批評家詹姆斯·亨尼克向人們介紹了底格里列和俄國芭蕾舞的革命性成就。
A red carpet stretched across the cement floor, welcomingvisitors to a huge door that appeared to be forged of solid metal.	水泥地上的紅地毯一直延伸到一扇厚厚的金屬大門前。
Ancient Yili claimed that the emperor drived six horses, Shangshu and the Book of Changes revealed indistinctly that six horse coach existed.	“古《逸禮》”稱“天子駕六馬” ，晚出的《古文尚書》、《易經》等隱約透露出古有此制。
With the use of hypervisors, you can run multiple guests (virtual machines) on a single piece of hardware.	隨着管理程序的使用，您可以在單個硬件上運行多個客戶機（虛擬機）。
The tests results indicated that manganese concentrate grading of 35.41% at an 80.37% recovery was obtained by the wet HIMS, and grade of 34.45% at an 82.35% recovery by the dry-wet combined HIMS.	試驗結果表明：磨礦—溼式強磁選工藝可以獲得錳品位和錳回收率分別爲35.41%和80.37%的錳精礦，乾溼聯合強磁選工藝可以獲得錳品位和錳回收率分別爲34.45%和82.35%的錳精礦；
Black, black, black and blue, beat me til Im numb.	黑青，黑青，黑一塊紫一塊，打到我麻木。
The cunning thief stole the money out of the man's pocket.	狡滑的小偷從那位男士的口袋裏偷了錢。
The project is located in Gushao Town, where State Road 206 passes through. It is only one kilometer away from the exit of Beijing-Fuzhou Expressway. The Grand Canal has 18.1 km in the area.	該項目位於棗莊市嶧城區古邵鎮境內，地理位置優越，水陸交通便利，206國道縱穿全境，距京福高速出口僅1公里，京杭運河穿境18.1公里。
The process of producing polycarbonate from phosgene and bisphenol A through interfacial condensation is described from the engineering point of view.	從工程觀點闡述由光氣和雙酚A經界面縮聚制聚碳酸酯的反應過程。
As corollaries, some Shannon-Mcmillan theorems for arbitrary information source, m-order Markov information source are obtained and some results for the discrete information source are extended.	得出了若干任意信源、m階馬氏信源、無記憶信源的漸進均勻分割性定理，並將已有的關於離散信源的結果進行了推廣。
Can your parents loan you some money at low or zero interest that will help you reduce the amount you pay in debt?	你的父母是否能以低率或免率來借你一筆錢來減少你在債款上付的錢？
Napoleon once said, “Let China sleep, for when she wakes, she will shake the world.	拿破崙曾經說過：“讓中國沉睡吧，一旦她醒了，她將震撼整個世界。”
"I saw a lot of women and children wheeled in, " Fares Ghanem, a hospital official told the Associated Press. "A lot of the wounded were missing limbs and a lot of the dead were in pieces."	“我看到很多的婦女和兒童坐在輪椅上”，醫院官員Fares Ghanem告訴美聯社，“很多傷員失去了的肢體，還有大量的屍體支離破碎。”
The beans feature a balanced acidity and mild sweetness that makes for a smooth, even flavor.	摩卡咖啡豆酸度適中，清甜適口，形成了一種絲滑、均勻的口感。
The utility model discloses a portable bag and a portable respirator. The portable respirator comprises a respirator main body, a portable bag and a sterilizer.	本實用新型公開了一種便攜包及便攜式呼吸機，所述便攜呼吸機包括呼吸機主體、便攜 包及消毒器；
There is an ancient town cluster with good tourist resources-regional conditions and location specialty in the north edge of mega-cities of Changjiang Delta.	長三角都市帶北緣揚州、南通、泰州等地區擁有旅遊資源品位、區域條件和區位特性俱佳的蘇中古鎮羣。
In the final analysis, tough people who survive the tough times do so because they have chosen to react positvely to their predicament.	歸根結底，堅韌的人之所以能夠挺過艱難的歲月，是因爲他們選擇積極地去應對困境。
The campaign also appears to have miscalculated with a last-minute burst of negative advertisements in Wisconsin.	克林頓的競選團隊似乎錯誤估計了在威斯康星州競選後期閃現的負面宣傳的影響。
May know honest gentleness, knows the book to reach the ritual girl!	願認識誠實溫柔，知書達禮的女孩！
A friend of mine found out recently that she is being laid off, and I can't help but applaud her reaction to the whole situation.	我的一位朋友最近發現自己下崗了，我忍不住要爲她對整個情況的反應拍掌。
Hyperhomocysteinemia is also considered as a risk factor for inflammatory diseases including life-threatening cardiovascular disease, stroke, renal failure and cancer.	而高同半胱胺酸血癥也可視爲心血管疾病、中風、腎衰竭及癌症等嚴重發炎疾病的危險因子。
The Obama administration’s reaction wastardy, but no worse than, say, the first Bush administration’s reaction to theuprisings in the Baltics and Ukraine.	奧巴馬管治團隊反應遲緩，但也好過布什管治團隊對波羅的海與烏克蘭顏色革命的反應速度。
They started out early so that they would not miss the train.	他們早早出發是爲了不誤火車。
The fifth part discusses both the connotation and the cause and significance of Caoxueqin's persisting pursuit of the forever beauty.	第五部分，論述花魂永恆之美的內涵以及曹雪芹執著追求的原因和意義。
Method: Stochastically divides into the treatment group and the comparison group 72 examples.	方法：將72例隨機分爲治療組和對照組。
The move was "counter-productive to our efforts to resume direct negotiations between the parties", Clinton said.	克林頓稱，這個行動“和我們讓雙方重開直接談判的努力有反作用。
Weakened as they are, Iran's leaders may find it expedient to curb some of their enthusiasm for foreign adventures and perhaps even their controversial nuclear programme.	由於實力的削弱，伊朗的領導者們或許發現，給過於燥熱的對外冒險和備受爭議的核項目潑瓢冷水也未必是件壞事。
But God said to Balaam, "Do not go with them. You must not put a curse on those people, because they are blessed."	神對巴蘭說：“你不可同他們去，去也不看咒詛那民，因爲那民是蒙福的。”
Dashan: Was your room comfortable?	大山：你們的房間舒適嗎？
Oh! How far you , are from home.	是啊！離開了故園，獨自天涯遠引。
In a subtle manner, Gideon also came to be associated with the movement for greater civil rights for American blacks.	吉迪恩案也以某種微妙的方式與美國黑人爭取更多民權的運動聯繫起來。
By option analysis, an enterprise can decide whether to form a virtual enterprise or tom erge its partner enterprise in order to acquire the core competency.	將期權定價理論用於敏捷企業的戰略分析以幫助企業做出決策。
Each piece of artis displayed with some words explaining the origin and significance of this exhibition.	每件展品旁邊都有捐贈者寫下的說明文字，解釋此件展品的來源和意義。
A McKinsey survey of more than 1,500 consumers in 17 Chinese cities showed 44% of luxury shoppers prefer to learn about products in physical stores.	麥肯錫開展的一項針對中國17個城市的1，500多名消費者的調查顯示，44%的奢侈品消費者更願意到實體店瞭解產品。
Objective To investigate the anti-tumor effect of cytotoxic T lymphocyte(CTL) induced by soluble protein antigen(SPA) in acute leukemia (AL).	目的探討白血病細胞可溶性蛋白抗原誘導的抗急性白血病的特異性CTL作用。
Bad for US$, it will slowly be de-linked from oil. People will barter with valuables other than $, because oil is still liquid Gold standard.	對美元不利，它將會慢慢與石油脫鉤。人們將會採用美元以外的貴重物品來交易，石油仍然是液體黃金。
They later found a body, and photographer Alexander Gardner took a photo of it that has since become one of the most iconic images of the battle.	人們後來在此發現了一具屍體，攝影師亞歷山大加德納拍的這張照片，後來成爲了這場戰爭的標誌影像之一。
At (long) last we found out what had really happened.	最後，我們終於弄清了實際發生的情況。
That was all; it did not say who it was from. There was no stamp on it either.	這便是所有的內容；上面沒寫是誰寄過來的，也沒有郵票。
Based on prior researches, quantitative calculation on recycler material and benefit from recycle is made.	在已有研究基礎上，對目前中國機動車報廢數量、資源回收量和回收效益進行定量計算。
From Washington, to Cupertino, and from Hong Kong to the Blogosphere, news that Apple co-founder Steve Jobs passed away at age 56 came as a jolt, especially to Apple users like Mark Ciolli.	史蒂夫喬布斯的死亡利差的消息，許多共享的蘋果電腦公司共同創辦人的生命和創新自己的感情。
Norrington: One good deed is not enough to redeem a man of a lifetime of wickedness.	諾林頓：一件善舉並不能抵償一個人作惡一世犯下的罪行。
He was hand-picked by director Andrew Adamson to play the role.	他是安德魯·亞當森精選出來飾演這個角色的。
But in the third week of May, currents drew some of the oil southeast.	但到了5月的第三週，洋流開始把浮油帶向東南方向。
BMW gained 1.6 percent to 61.87 euros.	寶馬汽車公司股價上漲1.6%，至61.87歐元。
"Beautiful environment from jdweo " is the jdweo company"s eternal vision!	“優美環境來自潔德美”是潔德美公司的永恆願景！
Even though this is not a Python issue, I feel particularly compelled to mention the many XML features of jEdit.	儘管不屬於 Python 話題，我覺得還是非常有必要介紹 jEdit 的許多 XML 特性。
For example, before the inspection tour, local powers would compete for the first incense. In some areas, the group winning the first incense is the most powerful group.	舉例來說，在媽祖繞境之前，地方勢力會競爭頭香，贏得頭香的可能就是該地區最有勢力的團體。
Those of you who don't have it there are a couple more up front here.	還沒有拿到的同學,前面還有一些多餘的。
Chapter three explores how to lead the primary school language teaching into the local culture of study in primary schools.	第三章探究了小學語文教學引入如東地方文化的實踐。
Results 13(15%) out of 86 patients with chronic cough were diagnosed as having EB. Dry cough was the major compliant and all had normal lung function with negative histamine provocation test.	結果本組有13例符合EB診斷，佔慢性咳嗽的15 % ，多表現爲慢性乾咳，肺功能正常，組胺激發試驗陰性。
The display is saved on disk through serialization / deserialization and uploaded to database server.	利用序列化/反序列化機制將圖形文件保存到本地硬盤，並上傳到數據庫服務器。
Now we never completed the study so we never wrote it up, but we did find some interesting preliminary things.	現在研究尚未完成,所以還沒寫成論文,但我們發現了一些有趣的原始發現
Objective: To study the effects of sodium hyaluronate on collagen component of epidural scar.	目的：探討透明質酸鈉對硬膜外疤痕中膠原成分影響。
Make all payments by check. The only exception should be for small payments to be made in cash from a petty cash fund .	用支票支付所有的付款項目，只有從零用基金中支付的小筆款項例外。
Norah Jones was born on March 30, 1979, in New York City. She is the daughter of the legendary Ravi Shankar, a very famous guitar player, but Norah was brought up entirely by her mother Sue.	1979年3月30日，諾拉-瓊斯出生在美國紐約，她是傳奇人物、著名吉他手拉維-仙卡的女兒，但她本人則完全是由其母親蘇撫養長大的。
Now she is a teacher of Diligent Education, teaching middle school students, mainly engaged in teaching English.	現是用心教育中學部老師，主要從事英語的教學。
Thousands of years ago, the Ebon Hawk became legendary in smuggling circles.	幾千年前， 蒼木之鷹號稱爲走私圈內的傳奇。
Don't eat up at one and you can have it after a while.	別一下子全吃了，留一點過會兒再吃。
Viewer friends, I may not look so good while I'm eating here.	觀衆朋友們， 我這副吃相不太好看。
In the end, however, a relief well would ease the pressure on the runaway gusher in favor of a controlled pumping — essentially what the Deepwater Horizon was trying to do in the first place.	最後，將由一個減壓井減輕噴口的壓力以進行受控的抽吸——基本上就是深水地平線最想做的事情。
But for a abrupt-turning situation FEM analysis is not commonly used for low-floor rear engine articulated bus.	但是對於發動機後置式鉸接客車在急轉彎工況下的結構有限元分析，尚不多見。
It was conducted amid boxes of ammunition, shotguns and duck decoys.	於是，這次採訪就在成箱的彈藥、獵槍和捕鴨網中展開了。
Idiopathic DVT patients made up 13.37% of all DVT patients.	無明顯危險因素誘發DVT患者佔同期DVT患者的13.37%。
GF Securities Hua Fuzhou, Fujian Province was Huafu Securities Inc. , was founded in 1988, is to set up the first batch of China's securities companies.	廣發華福證券原爲福建省華福證券公司，成立於1988年，是我國首批成立的證券公司之一。
It came out a few days after the first article was published that they ended up scoring straight A’s for the exam — news that only generated them more celebrity in the city.	在上一篇文章刊登出來之後沒幾天，他們就獲得了考試最好的成績 A ，這個新聞更加讓他們在香港名聲大震。
This will get you into that intermediate level quite intermedi develop expert quickly, and once there, you will be halfway to expert.	這領域自己關注會讓你相當快速地進入到中級水平，一旦你達到了那個水中級一旦相當平，你的專家之路也走到一半了。
Jarvis persuaded her mother's church in Grafton, West Virginia to celebrate Mother's Day on the second anniversary of her mother's death, the 2nd Sunday of May.	在西弗吉尼亞的格拉夫頓，賈維斯說服了她母親的教堂，在她母親去世2 週年的紀念日那一天慶祝母親節，即五月的第二個星期天。
Instead, my wife responded by saying: "I liked the fact that he was left-handed, and that he had blue eyes and blonde hair."	相反，我的妻子這樣迴應說：“我喜歡他是一個左撇子，而且他還有雙藍眼睛和金色頭髮。
Refresh: Read data from an external data connection (or all of the workbook's connections) and refresh the values in the relevant cells, e. g. in PivotTable cells or in the results of cube formulas.	從外部數據連接（或所有工作薄連接中）讀取數據，並且更新相關單元格的值，例如，數據透視表單元格或三維公式的結果。
And when they heard grunts, the subjects were slower and less accurate.	然而，當他們聽見喊叫聲之時，受試者的預測速度變慢而且準確度也下降了。
There are now 1,210 billionaires in the world, up from 1,011 last year.	比之前年的1011個億萬富翁，如今全球有1210個。
Only after payment in order to confirm goods with the situation in Korea, if there is the issue of out-of-stock or out-of- stocks, we will contact you as soon as possible!	只有在付款之後，才能跟韓國確認貨的情況，如果出現缺貨或者斷貨的問題，我們會盡快聯繫您！
Cluster is the main architecture in parallel computing, it generally employs SAN-based networking storage system.	機羣系統是當今並行計算的主流結構，在機羣系統中通常採用基於SAN架構的網絡存儲子系統。
The only limitation of the assert keyword is that it must be in an executable block.	assert 關鍵字的唯一限制在於它必須位於可執行塊中。
The iconic Transamerica Pyramid in San Francisco. The next photo is taken from the same spot at full zoom.	標誌性的全美金字塔在舊金山。接下來的照片是從同一個地點在全變焦。
Those who mock history will be mocked by history.	嘲弄歷史的人必將被歷史所嘲弄。
For commodities exempted from inspection that need inspection certificates, the commodity inspection agencies may issue such certificates on the strength of the applicant's inspection results.	對需要出具商檢證書的免驗商品，商檢機構可以憑申請人的檢驗結果核發商檢證書。
This paper summarizes the calculation formula of energy dissipation of a stepped spillway, the influence factor of energy dissipation and the applied range of the stepped spillway.	作者總結了溢洪道消能率的計算公式、消能率的影響因素、臺階式溢洪道的適用範圍；
Meanwhile, shares of Australian lenders rose, with analysts citing confidence in Australia's creditworthiness and a continuing rally in the nation's three-year bonds.	與此同時，澳大利亞銀行業的股價卻出現了上揚，分析人士認爲這是由於投資者對澳大利亞的信用可靠性有信心以及澳大利亞三年期債券的價格繼續上揚。
How many job offers have you got?	你拿到多少工作聘任書了?
Some IBM extensions are "always on," meaning that various views show additional information about an object next to its address.	有些 IBM 擴展 “總是啓動”，即各種視圖顯示關於一個與其地址相鄰的對象的額外信息。
He distrusted doctors, and often had Don check his blood pressure.	他不信任醫生，常叫唐幫他量血壓。
Tell disciple Xun Lin that her intention to have a Thangka of my image painted, see attached file in Chinese, is of great Bodhi importance, and I appreciate it very much.	告訴弟子訓琳，我非常欣賞她希望有一幅我的唐卡畫像，請看附呈的中文檔案，的大菩提心。
The proportions have been fixed since 1987 based on an over-optimistic estimate that annual run-off is 58bn cubic metres.	自從1987年以來，基於一個過於樂觀的總水量估計（每年580億立方米），配額都是固定的。
Holman Christian Standard Bible (HCSB) is another new word-for-word translation that strives to be both literally accurate and readable.	霍爾曼基督教聖經（HCSB ）是另一個新的字對字的譯本，力求既字面準確和可讀。
A dissolved micro-bubble flotation system was established and studied for the purification of fine solids in recirculating aquaculture system.	採用一套自主開發研製的加壓溶氣氣浮裝置，對養殖水體中的微顆粒進行淨化。
and even fourth-hand smoking – the idea that contact with a non-smoker who has had contact with a smoker is dangerous.	甚至第四二手菸——認爲曾與吸菸者接觸過的非吸菸者也是危險的。
For example, MSAA automatically uses the text on a button as the MSAA name property.	例如，MSAA 自動在按鈕上使用文本作爲 MSAA name 屬性。
Conclusion: The nutritional and health status of pregnant women in rural and urban was different significantly, so the surveillance should be strengthened.	結論：城鄉間孕婦營養和健康狀況存在差距，應加強城鄉間孕婦的營養與健康監測。
But Aldrich thinks the system could be built to incorporate infrared lights, like those used in a television remote control.	但是Aldrich 認爲此係統可以設計成結合紅外光，就像電視機遙控中使用的那種紅外光。
When you call Fannie Mae an Freddie Mac s the term? Explain what that means.	當您說房地美和房利美,是什麼意思，能解釋一下嗎，what’
This clot, combined with the swelling of the injured brain tissue, was cutting away the fragile thread that kept Herring alive.	這個血塊和正在腫脹的受傷的腦組織一起發生作用，就會切斷維繫海嶺生命的細脈。
Manohar Bilaspur Chattisgarh IndiaAfter a quarrel, a wife said to her husband, "You know, I was a fool when I married you."	爭吵之後，妻子對丈夫說：“你知道，我真是個傻瓜才答應嫁給你。”
Mahone is furious at Wyatt, and Self must hold him back. Self promises that Mahone will eventually get his shot at Wyatt.	馬宏怒火中燒的要對懷亞特下手，賽爾夫死命拉住了他。賽爾夫向馬宏保證遲早會讓他收拾懷亞特。
Research some real hopping frequency codes by predicting them with RPSOVF, SOVF, S-M, and nonlinear adaptive prediction model based on several closet neighbors.	對於幾組實測的跳頻碼信號，首先證明了跳頻碼實際上也是混沌序列。 近而分別採用RPSOVF、SOVF、S-M、和基於鄰近點自適應算法進行預測研究。
So, this is called the extracellular region or domain, this is the trans-membrane region or domain, and this is the cytoplasmic region or domain.	因此,這部分叫做胞外區,中間這部分叫做跨膜區,內部這一段叫做胞質區
This message was taken to King Fu Jian. He laughed and said, "How silly those generals are!"	謝玄傲慢的態度讓苻堅哈哈大笑，說：多麼傻的士兵啊！
On the base of assuring survival rate and conserving rate, the less the fee used in soil preparation and young growth tending is, the higher the economic benefit is.	在保證造林成活率和保存率的基礎上，用於整地和幼林撫育方面的經費越少，經濟效益則越高。
Developing new-type floor form that combines to different areas is a present issue.	結合各地區情況開發適合鋼結構住宅的新型樓板形式是目前的熱點問題。
The results showed that 1DE-LC-MS displayed a unique using value in high-throughput analysis, mixed sample separation, specific proteins' detection, as well as differential proteome.	結果顯示，1DE-LC-MS技術在家蠶蛋白質組高通量解析、蛋白質混合樣品的分離、特異蛋白質組分檢測與鑑定及差異蛋白質組研究中都顯示獨特的應用價值。
One minute a verdant, terraced valley dotted with houses stretched out below.	這一分鐘，一片青翠的山谷從山下延展開來印入眼簾，一所所房屋點綴其間。
RKK Energia did comply with the agency's requirement to fit the new ship into a Rus-M next-generation rocket, which the Russian government approved for development last year.	安吉亞太空公司的確遵從了太空局的要求，使這艘新飛船與“羅斯”系列（Rus-M）下一代火箭相適應，這種火箭是俄羅斯政府去年批准開發的。
Using chopsticks doesn't come naturally.	沒人生來就會使用筷子。
The adaptive compensation term of the optimal approximation error is adopted to minimize the influence of the modeling error and the parameter estimation error.	並通過引入最優逼近誤差的自適應補償項來消除建模誤差和參數估計誤差的影響。
Upon receipt of the commit flow, the resource manager finalizes the updates to recoverable resources, and releases any locks held on the resources.	資源管理器一收到提交流程就結束對可恢復資源的更新，並且釋放所有抓住資源不放的鎖。
Despite the defeat in California, the movement towards legalisation has strengthened a lot in recent years.	儘管在加利福利亞失敗了，合法化的運動最近幾年壯大了許多。
Their research, published in the journal Sex Roles, examines how Bond girls have changed over the years as well as exploring what kind of women end up in the spy's arms.	他們的研究發表在“性別角色”雜誌上，研究了邦女郎在過去的歲月中是如何變化的，以及怎樣的女人最終投入了這個間諜的溫柔懷抱。
England, with one point from one game so far, play an Italy side coached by former Chelsea strike pair Gianfranco Zola and Pierluigi Casiraghi tonight (Thursday).	現在打了一場得到一分的英格蘭，將面對由一對切爾西前射手佐拉和卡里西奇帶領的意大利隊。
Here's some free advice: Go to Google ( GOOG), enter any of your company's brands followed by the word "sucks, " and you will see the true consumers' reports.	一條免費的建議：在Google上輸入你的公司品牌加上“很遜”（sucks）這個詞，你就能看到真實的客戶報告。
Whatever you sow in life, you are going to reap it back. Count on it.	等着瞧吧，你在生活中亦會種瓜得瓜，種豆得豆。
Subsequent articles will focus on the joint realization of requirements crossing hardware and software boundaries and multiple viewpoints.	隨後的文章將集中在跨軟硬件邊界和多視點的需求的聯合實現上。
Problems, if any, should be solved without delay.	有問題要及時解決。
Soon, he was away in this new 16-metre boat, Gipsy Moth.	不久，他就駕着那艘16米長的新船吉普賽·莫思號啓程出海了。
Captured with black and white film, her photography emulates the style of a cinematographer.	黑白膠片同時也模擬着舞臺人生。
One of the exceptions to the beauty is the litter that some peop le throw out of their windows as they are driving on the rural roads.	與這美景不太和諧的是有人驅車行駛在鄉間小路上時隨手從車窗往外扔垃圾。
OPP was produced chiefly as a by-product of the alkali hydrolysis of chlorobenzene, or sulfonation fusion for the syntheses of phenol.	在過去，OPP主要由磺化鹼熔法或氯苯高壓水解法生產苯酚的蒸餾殘渣分離而得；
It proved immensely popular and was awarded the Grammy for Album of the Year.	這張專輯大受歡迎，爲她贏得了格萊美年度最佳唱片的獎項。
Iron corrodes unless it is greased or kept clean.	如果不塗油或保持清潔鐵便會腐蝕。
Objective To evaluate the curative effect and safety of modified thoracic trocar and drainage tube which can be lavaged for empyema treatment.	目的觀察應用改良胸腔套管針及可沖洗胸腔引流管治療膿胸的療效和安全性。
Aiming at the coherent disadvantage of transmitted reference(TR) receiver, a new TR-UWB(ultra-wideband) receiver design scheme for low-data-rate wireless personal area network(WPAN) is proposed.	針對發送-參考（TR）接收機噪聲影響較敏感的缺點，提出一種適用於低速率無線個域網的新型超寬帶（UWB）TR接收機設計方案。
Although there was no sign of significant wage convergence in Chinese cities during this period, the wage convergence rate of non-skilled labor is higher than that of skilled labor.	雖然區域間的工資收斂並不顯著，但受教育程度較低的工人工資收斂速度快於受教育程度高的技術型工人。
To use the patent of "DIRECTLY DRIVING THIRD SHAFT CONNECTING TYPE" mini servomotor join with looper thread pith-up which offer you more sensitive driving and take-up.	第三支傳動軸外接直驅微型伺服小馬達運動底線分線盤：採用專利研發第三支傳動軸外接直驅微型伺服小馬達運動底線分線盤，使得驅動更靈敏、分線時間更正確。
This is the ancient origins of the rise of Buddhism and Taoism in the pre-existing folk activities.	這是源流古者在佛道教興起前就有的民俗活動。
SPIEGEL: And what is the consequence?	鏡報：那後果是什麼呢？
The utility model relates to a small corn seeder provided with a box-shaped baiting box;	本實用新型涉及一種小型化的玉米播種機。
Things have come to the point that she should stop singing on a full-time basis and invest her future to the entertainment business by providing more musicians to satisfy customer needs.	面對越來越光輝的前程，此時，她卻選擇停止唱歌，而是尋求更多的音樂家來滿足顧客的需要。
Height and density of Scirpus yagara Ohw in different water depth showed that the water depth endurance of Scirpus yagara Ohw was not strong, and it growed and germinated better in shallow water.	荊三棱在不同水深區域的生長高度與密度表明荊三棱對水深的耐受性不強，更適合於在淺水域生長。
In this algorithm, : coding with 2-dimention chromosome is adopted;	算法中採用二進編碼機制；
The effect of pulse width and cavity field intensity on the atomic dipole squeezing is discussed when the coupling of atomic and cavity field is time-dependent.	並詳細討論了原子與腔場以時間脈衝形式耦合時，脈衝寬度和腔場強度對原子算符壓縮的影響。
It is fair to say that China-US relationship has evolved to such a point that would surprise even the most imaginative person 40 years ago.	能夠說，中美關係在以前40年獲得的生長成績，是昔時對中美關係最樂觀的人都沒有預推測的。
Dual wavelength violet spectrophotography was used to determine the content of glutaral and benzalkonium chloride in disinfectant sample.	採用雙波長紫外分光光度法測定複方消毒劑樣品中戊二醛和苯扎氯銨的含量。
The CIETAC has a Secretariat, which handles its day-to-day work under the direction of its Secretary-General.	仲裁委員會設祕書局，在仲裁委員會祕書長的領導下負責處理仲裁委員會的日常事務。
The Mamelukes were soldiers who had been brought to Egypt as property of the ruler from the Central Asian steppes.	馬穆魯克集團是一些士兵，作爲統治者，他們從中亞西伯利亞一帶的大草原把財富帶到埃及。
It’s just a matter of clipping and listing what you find in your Sunday newspaper.	你只需剪下週日報紙上找到的優惠券，剪切下來再列成清單就行了。
I certainly know that, but I just want to see this year's sakura now!	我當然知道，但是現在的心情就是想看看今年的櫻花啊！
Yang Yun is tactically astute and he caught Ranieri's eye with his superb display.	楊雲的戰術素養很高，他的出色表現吸引了拉涅利的目光。
The new $999, 13' MacBook now includes most of the key features of the similar-sized MacBook Pro, which costs $200 more.	售價999美元的新一代MacBook爲13英寸屏幕，主要特點與同尺寸的MacBook Pro差不多，但價格要便宜200多美元。
To solve the problem, the welding joint construction was re-designed and argon-arc welding was employed.	解決措施爲採用氬弧焊，改進焊接結構設計等。
Financial markets showed a muted reaction to the consumer and housing data, with traders citing very thin post-Christmas liquidity.	金融市場對消費者信心及房價數據幾無反應,交易商稱其中的原因是聖誕節後交投極爲清淡.
Madame Defarge was one of the leading spirits of the Revolution.	迪法熱夫人是這場革命的主要人物之一。
He was soon escorted by the monks to the temple where they held a significant enthronement ceremony in his honor.	不久，寺院將他接走，爲他舉行了隆重的坐牀慶典儀式。
Yeah, but scented tea is now in fashion.	是的，但現在的時尚是喝花茶。
In the match against Livorno we lacked that final anger. We didn't manage to score.	關於球隊目前的狀況： “在對利沃諾的比賽中我們缺少最終一錘定音的鬥氣，我們沒能成功進球。
Water as a passive design elements of its design could lower temperatures in summer or winter temperature increased, the changes in the micro-climate cycle.	水作爲一種被動式設計元素，可以通過對其設計降低夏季氣溫或升高冬季氣溫，改變微氣候循環。
You'll feel great and if you're an avid TV watcher I'm pretty confident your flexibility will improve in a matter of a few weeks.	如果你是一個電視迷，那麼我可以保證你的靈活性在幾周內就會得到很大的提高。
He lacked Ali’s force of will and ability to improvise, and he lost his title at 23.	他欠缺像阿里一樣的勝利慾望和臨場機變，在23歲的時候泰森便丟掉了冠軍頭銜。
The boy who addressed this inquiry to the young wayfarer, was about his own age but one of the queerest looking boys that Oliver had ever seen.	向這位年輕的徒步遠行的奧立夫提出這個問題的少年同他年紀差不多，但這是奧立夫所看見過的樣子最古怪的一個。
When you hear the term ‘pest-resistant’, you might not think, at first, of what that truly means — that the modified plants are creating their own pesticide inside their cells.	當你聽到抗蟲害這個詞，開始也許你不會想到這真正意味着什麼 --- 所改變的植物在其細胞內產生它們自己的農藥。
People are anxious to know more about the chances of similar accidents occurring in the future and the potential impact.	大家最擔心的應該有兩大因素：第一是意外事故的發生； 第二則是可能造成的影響。
The next weekend she organized a get-together with lots of people and after that, I asked her to get together with me.	週末，在她組織的一個熱鬧的聚會結束後，我邀請她來和我聚一聚。
Rubber insulated adhesive tape, with backing of textile fabric, of a width not exceeding 20 cm.	橡膠絕緣膠帶，以紡織物爲底，寬度不超過20公分者。
Mr. Fischer is a 1995 graduate of Harvard University's Kennedy School of Government, where he earned a mid-career master's degree in Public Administration (MPA).	馬富生先生在工作期間修讀獲哈佛大學肯尼迪政府學院的公共行政學，並於1995年獲頒發公共行政碩士學位。
Conclusion:The product is stable with a simple prepared method and a accurate standard of quality control.	結論：磺胺噻唑魚肝油乳劑穩定、製備簡便，質量控制方法準確。
Objective: To investigate the characteristic and significance of chromosome chang in sexual development abnormity, primary amenorrhea and cacoethic obstetrical history.	目的探討具有性發育異常、原發性閉經以及不良孕產史患者染色體變化的有關特點和意義。
They are widely used in vessel, oil, electric power, chemical, metallurgy, mine, city drain department etc.	廣泛應用於船舶、石油、電力、化工、冶金、礦山、城市供排水部門等。
I ate a few minutes ago.	吃了，我幾分鐘前吃了飯。
Many of these farmers have been absorbed into the urban workforce , but often not into urban social-security schemes.	其中的很多已經變成了城市的勞動力，但是通常沒能夠列入城市的社會保障計劃。
The Rapel Valley weather ripened fruit slowly , and Cabernet Sauvignon developed intense flavours.	蘭佩谷的氣候使得葡萄成熟緩慢，並帶有濃郁的香氣。
And, of course, the research into pain continues.	當然，對痛苦的研究仍在繼續。
Quartz grain surface textures in coastal dune sand which is mainly derived from beach sand have features characteristic of both typical aeolian environment and inheritable and reformable beach sand.	本文通過對廣東和海南海岸沙丘砂石英顆粒的掃描電鏡分析，認爲其表面結構特徵，既具有典型的風成環境特徵。
The orbit variation in one day under the nonspherical perturbation is shown and the motion of the orbit plane is computed.	計算給出了一日內的衛星軌道，反映了在地球非球形攝動下軌道的變化情況，且對軌道面的進動進行了計算。
Teach dogs toilet and other a variety of ways, my this please everybody reference.	教狗狗上廁所還有其他很多種方法，我的這種就請大家參考了。
On the other side it says, this is Megara,it is not Athens.	另一面刻着,"這裏是麥加拉,不是雅典"
An optical fiber Fabry-Perot tunable filter is used in the system to demodulate the sensing signal.	該系統通過可調諧光纖F-P濾波器的連續掃描實現波長信號的解調。
Hexun, Mandarin financial, of the economic information daily, the Shanghai Securities News, the futures daily published dozens of research reports, an interview with professional media many times.	曾在和訊、文華財經、《經濟參考報》、《上海證券報》、《期貨日報》等發表數十篇研究報告，多次接受業內專業媒體採訪。
As you can see, this creates a brand new list that is the result of applying the function to every element of the original list.	如您所見，這樣就可以創建出一個全新的列表，這個列表是將函數應用到原始列表中每個元素的結果。
You will handle concurrency issues in the performance schedule instead of through the code.	您將在這個執行調度中處理併發事件，而不需要通過代碼。
In the light of the problem of the insufficient ventilation capacity of Donghe Coal Mine, this paper puts forward two technical upgrading proposals, and makes comparison of the two proposals.	針對東河煤礦通風能力不足的問題，提出兩個改造方案，並進行了方案比較。
Blush can be poured through a hidden semi-transparent cover, very fitting skin.	腮紅可透過隱藏的半透明罩倒出，極度貼合肌膚。
They make me ask myself if I am really such a snob when I am waking, and this in itself is very unpleasant.	它們是我反問自己是否是一個勢利眼當我清醒，漫步在人潮之中時，儘管這個問題本身就是令人十分不快的。
But does the food that sustains half of humanity also increase the risk of cancer for some?	但是支撐世界上一半人口的主食會存在增加患癌症風險的問題嗎？
From here on, I will use the interactive ruby console irb>> for my explanations.	從現在開始，我將使用交互式 Ruby 控制檯 irb>> 進行說明。
This paper clarifies the development situation and the production state in China washing product industry in recent years.	闡明瞭目前中國洗滌用品工業的發展狀況和生產運營形勢。
There also is a tu yi layer later so as carbon must expect tu youcai that is gadarene can write on ground floor paper so when below same handwriting also can appear on a paper finish autotype the job.	後來也有隻塗一層的，所以，作爲複寫紙，必須將塗有材料的那層朝下，這樣就能在第一層紙上寫字時，下面一層紙上也能出現同樣的字跡，完成複寫工作。
In particular, see Chapter 22 on developing features, and Chapter 34, Exercise 7, on feature development and deployment.	特別的，第22章是關於功能部件的開發的內容，第34章練習7是關於功能部件的開發和部署的內容。
Specifically for clinicians, we urge you to educate your patients about the dangers of consuming raw milk or raw milk products.	特別是對臨牀醫生，我們迫切請求你們告訴患者食用生奶和生奶製品的危險性。
He beat the time of Warcraft are less and less time to Kazakhstan.	他打魔獸的時間都少，沒有那麼多的時間哈。
This is a real winter wonderland, and, of course, it's home to the one and only Santa Claus.	這裏是真正的冬之奇境。 當然，也是唯一一位聖誕老爺爺的故鄉。
His mind reached after an understanding of the problem.	他開動腦筋，想弄懂這個問題。
The countries of the world will never deal effectively with this agenda unless they cooperate.	除非世界各國能夠同舟共濟，否則無法有效處理上述議題。
Analyze the 3-D object recognition arithmetic based on shape feature and geometry feature, in which it relate to shape language description, area and inflexion information.	應用圖像的形狀描述語言、區域的面積、拐點信息等，實現了三維物體的識別。
Today, many sites develop their own libraries that try to measure live performance on web pages.	現如今，許多站點都開發他們自己的庫來嘗試着網頁的現場性能。
'After a hard one, I wake up the next morning thinking, 'Do I have to do that again?'' he says.	布恩斯說，在經過艱難的跑步之後，我第二天早上醒來會想：我有必要再這麼跑麼？
Sodium ammonium triacetate(SAT)has been investigated as a non-phosphorus catalyst for esterification crosslinking of cotton with 1,2,3,4-butanetetra carboxylic acid(BTCA).	研究了氨三乙酸鈉（SAT）作爲無磷催化劑用於丁烷四羧酸（BTCA）酯化交聯棉織物的服用性能。
The Gacun deposit is a typical massive sulfide deposit associated with Late Triassic seafloor calc-alkaline felsic volcanics (VHMS).	呷村礦牀是一個與晚三疊世海相鈣堿性酸性火山岩繫有關的典型塊狀流體物（VHMS）礦牀。
The short statured plant type with dark green, narrow and erect leaves seemed desirable for obtaining a maximum yield.	株型矮，葉色深綠，葉片窄而直立似乎有益於獲得高產。
The university is revamping its master’s in public history, a field that interprets academic history for general audiences, to emphasize new-media skills in the hopes of yielding more job placements.	大學改進了公共歷史碩士學位，一個向一般觀衆解釋學術歷史的領域，爲了更多的工作場所強調新媒體技術。
Good options for sweets include ones that are low in added fat and that contain healthy ingredients, such as fruits, whole grains and low-fat dairy.	但是一些水果較之其他在卡路里含量上更具優越性。 整個新鮮的、冷凍保鮮的，不加糖的罐裝水果都是好的選擇。
Think about tai chi, meditation, prayer, biofeedback, yoga—any activity that allows you to cultivate a peaceful center and a sense of balance.	可以考慮做太極、冥想、祈禱、生物反饋、瑜珈——任何能讓你培養平靜中心和平衡感的活動。
Methods: The CE-MRA images of 67 breast lesions in 56 patients identified by histopathology were analyzed retrospectively.	方法：收集進行乳腺MR動態增強減影掃描並有明確病理結果的56例67個病竈作爲研究對象進行回顧性分析。
He will stay at HKUST, which he believes will forge ahead as an academic powerhouse in the next decade.	他相信科大在未來十年會取得更大的學術成就，因此留在科大繼續深造。
Hurdles to gold abounded.	投資黃金有很多障礙。
The Come-on: It's OK, I've got a condom.	引誘者：好吧，我有個安全套。
For decades, presidents of both parties have let an autopen do some of the heavy lifting when it comes to scrawling their signatures.	幾十年以來，兩黨各總統在需要完成繁重的簽名任務時，自動簽名機就派上了用場。
This is a page about postal code of "Li Cheng Zhen Cheng He Shao Xiao Qu , Liyang City, Changzhou City, Jiangsu Province, China", with area information and online map.	這是關於“中國大陸江蘇省常州市溧陽市溧城鎮城河梢小區”郵政編碼的網頁，以及詳細地區信息和在線地圖。
"These hostage takings, we know how it starts but no one knows how far it can go," said Xavier Bertrand, a former labor minister now secretary-general of the ruling UMP party.	法國前勞工部部長、執政黨人民運動聯盟現任祕書長澤維爾•伯特蘭德說：“關於這些劫持案件，我們知道它們是怎麼開始的，但沒有人知道會發展到什麼地步。”
There are no user profiles or playlists, making it a fairly lightweight offering.	沒有用戶簡介或者播放列表，使它成爲由用戶提供的網站。
Around the country, cobblers , tailors, car mechanics and bike, vacuum, watch and television repairers are reporting strong revenues during the recession.	在這個不景氣的時候，美國各地修鞋的、裁縫、修車的，還有修理自行車、吸塵器、手錶和電視的，都說營收大有成長。
But all schools of economic thought have taken their lumps over the past few years.	但是所有經濟學說流派在過去幾年都毫無怨言的忍受了。
The free toluene diisocyanate(TDI) in the curing agent TDI-TMP(Trimethylol Propane) of polyurethane was separated in laboratory by means of high-vacuum two-stage thin-film evaporation.	在採用高真空兩級薄膜蒸發分離甲苯二異氰酸酯（TDI）-三羥甲基丙烷（TMP）聚氨酯固化劑中游離TDI的實驗研究基礎上，進行了中試研究。
In accordance with flow characteristics of the catch-water channel, linear increment flow differential equation has been obtained by momentum law, and a numerical method has been made.	本文針對輸水廊道的水流特點，應用動量定理建立起輸水廊道沿程增量流微分方程，並給出一種數值解法。
Make sure none of the audio components are positioned too close to the TV set.	確認各聲頻設備是否太靠近電視機。
The commandery seat was at Dianchi County (present day Jinning).	這個郡坐落於滇池縣（今天的晉寧縣）。
Currently, 10 out of 15 non-permanent judges on the Court of Final Appeal come from other common law jurisdictions such as Britain, Australia and New Zealand.	目前終審法庭的15位非永久法官中有10位來自英國、澳大利亞、新西蘭等其他普通法轄區。
We know they are keen to see sanctions lifted.	我們知道他們渴望看到制裁被取消。
Tidal channel , tidal-flat bar , river mouth bar and front sheet-like sand microfacies are main favorable reservoir belts in the area.	該區有利儲集相帶主要有潮道、潮坪砂壩、河口壩及前緣席狀砂微相。
Test results show the detection model possesses preferable practicability and self-adaptability.	實驗結果表明，該檢測模型對校園卡欺詐檢測具有較好的適應性。
Nonetheless I think it’s an educated guess to say that social relationships have been and continue to be the primary predictor of human happiness.	儘管如此，我們也能有根據的推測，社會關係一直以來也將繼續作爲人類幸福程度的風向標。
The Research and Application of User Interface in CAID System;	用戶界面旋鈕型的直觀且易於使用。
And when Owl hooted , Bluebird could not sleep.	當貓頭鷹叫的時候，知更鳥睡不着。
The main money in karaoke is in supplying the latest popular songs with the voices of the pop-stars removed.	卡拉OK的主要賺錢方式是：補充最新最流行不帶人聲音軌的歌曲。
In Jaipur, our focus switched from museum cases to the workshops of modern craftsmen – and a diamond assessor's table where with one sneeze we might have blown away a maharaja's ransom.	在齋普爾，我們的關注點從博物館轉向了作坊和現代手工藝。 在鑽石估價員的桌面上，也許我們的鼻息就會將一位君王的身價吹走。 然後我們去了阿拉萬利山脈腳下的一個營地，走下汽車騎上象背去玩馬球。
Trace hooks can be applied at the entry or exit of any function.	跟蹤鉤子可以應用於任何函數的入口或出口。
Kobe Bryant again unfurled a memorable fourth quarter, scoring 13 points and putting a final dent in the Houston Rockets with a late, long three-pointer in a 105-100 victory Tuesday at Toyota Center.	在豐田中心，老大再一次展現給大家一個值得紀念的第四節，單節得到了13分，並在比賽結束前投出了一記超遠距離三分，給與火箭隊以致命一擊，幫助球隊105-100戰勝對手。
Although Cai had profound feelings for the university, he understood that it was impossible to restore the situation with his own effort.	蔡元培本人雖對北大感情深厚，卻也深知難以憑一己之力挽救頹局。
We conclude that some internal and external factors may proximately induce a certain degree of intrapopulational variation in functional performance of lizards.	一些內外因素能近因性誘導蜥蜴功能表現發生一定程度的種羣內變異。
" This paper argues that the "soft disciplinary constraint" will thus become the most important internal constraint for CCP's democratic transition as a "post-totalitarian authoritarian regime.	本文認爲，「軟紀律約束」終將限制中共從「後極權威權政體」向民主之轉化。
This is the charge for your IDD calls.	這是您的長途電話費。
However, Samuel Johnson’s jamb won the day.	然而，塞繆爾·約翰遜的jamb贏得了勝利。
Again, let him get used to the fastened halter for several days.	再次，讓他習慣了被系阿爾泰了好幾天。
Health authorities in the Asia Pacific region have swiftly responded to the situation as we hear from Heter Bairon.	亞太地區的衛生當局已經迅速回應了這種情況，讓我們聽海達·貝倫帶來的報道。
The Derby system can encounter problems when its classes are loaded by a classloader created to support an individual application instance rather than all application instances.	如果 Derby 系統的類是由用於支持單個應用程序實例，而不支持所有應用程序實例的類裝載器裝載的，那麼它就會碰到問題。
Meanwhile, small fires have been lit in the square in the hope that the rising smoke will carry the tear gas with it.	同時，廣場上點起了小火堆，希望升起的煙霧能驅走空氣中的催淚瓦斯。
As early as 1997, the Ministry of Communications has requested the transportation item must evaluating the influence on the social and economy in the district in post-assessment.	早在1997年交通部就已經要求交通項目後評價必須對所在地區社會經濟所產生的影響進行評價。
Nine Thai officers from the anti-narcotics unit have since been charged with murder.	泰國緝毒部隊的九名人員已被指控犯有謀殺罪。
So we sampled babies literally seconds and minutes after they were delivered.	因此，我們在寶寶出生後，對其進行短時間的抽樣檢查。
“My cousin was a good kid, ” she said.	“我表弟是一個好孩子，”她說。
Does your car have four or five gears?	你的車是四排擋還是五排擋？
I urged them: C'mon, let's go to Harlem and feed some people in need.	我催促他們：打起精神，我們到哈林區去，給一些捱餓的人送點食物。
Slavery was abolished in the United States after the Civil War.	美國的奴隸制度自南北戰爭後就廢除了。
Microstructure, grain size and morphology are observed by SEM.	利用SEM觀測薄膜的顯微結構、晶粒大小及形態；
Roundtrip Economy class air ticket for Hong Kong and Milan on TG (E-Ticket).	泰國國際航空公司來回香港至米蘭經濟客位機票（電子機票）。
If I had to say to which Milan side it resembles, I would say that of 2002/03.	如果要拿一支以前的米蘭做比較的話，我覺得本賽季的米蘭就像02-03賽季那支米蘭。
In the multiple-loop control strategy for sinusoidal inverters based on load current feedforward, delay of the feedforward directly impacts the system's performance.	在基於負載電流前饋解耦的正弦波逆變器多環控制策略中，負載電流前饋作用的延遲直接影響着系統的性能。
Out of 10 people lingering by the dessert bar – today's option is a coagulated fruit tart, warming orangely under a hot lamp – seven are women.	總共有10個人在甜品吧附近徘徊——今天的甜點是水果撻，在熱燈下散發着溫暖的橙色光芒——其中7個是女性。
His colleague stepped across, gingerly pulling the mines out of the ground by their tops, and unscrewing the detonator from the body.	他的同伴過來，小心翼翼的拉着頂部將地雷從地裏起出並取下雷管。
Network tolling is the important part of network administration.	網絡收費是網絡管理的重要組成部分。
This is a big deal!	這可是件大事兒啊！
That wasn’t an option in small southern towns—the suburbs were cow pastures and soybean fields.	但是在南方的小鎮裏，白人父母是不能做出這種選擇的，因爲郊區都是牧牛場和大豆田。
Product Characteristics: Excellent diamond with high toughness and purities as raw material; Processed special broken and dressing technics; Regular and blocky shape.	產品特性：原料採用高強度、高純度的優質金剛石，經特殊的破碎、整形工藝加工，晶形規則呈接近等積形的多角狀顆粒。
Only relevant major themes are presented and are demonstrated by a few illustrative quotes.	只有相關的主要主題纔會予以介紹，並通過說明性的引述給予證實。
The best of America's skaters beamed for the camera.	最佳美國的溜冰者爲照相機放光了。
Here is a list of what it will include.	以下是它所能夠包含的新特性列表。
There are endless possibilities on completely turning a boring design around by just using an interesting pattern.	轉上有完全只用了一個有趣的圖案設計圍繞一個無聊的無限可能性。
Public buses running on Beijing's streets are more eye-catching compared with their former dull color.	公共巴士在北京的街道上運行的更引人注目的前相比，沉悶的顏色。
Some Iraqi team members already have used their newfound skills to help in other post-conflict mine removal efforts in Armenia and the Democratic Republic of Congo, said Donahue.	多納休說，小組中的一些伊拉克成員已利用新掌握的技術幫助亞美尼亞以及剛果民主共和國進行戰後排雷工作。
I need some water to quench .	我想要些水解渴。
The second simple workflow applies to manufacturing companies that produces large quantities of a few types of products, rather than a large variety of products.	第二個工作流程適用於大量生產少數幾個種類的產品而非多種產品的製造企業。
Many of the longest lasting diet crazes in recent years have been carb diets .	許多最長的持久的飲食受到狂熱追捧，在近年來已碳水化合物飲食。
There'sno need for that kind of language in this magazine .	這份雜誌沒必要出現那種語言。
Ingredients:200g Linguine, 100g Frozen baby clams (thawed), 160g Cream of chicken soup, 2tsp Mashed garlic, some Chopped parsley.	材料：扁意粉200克、急凍蜆肉100克（先解凍）、罐頭忌廉雞湯160克、蒜茸2茶匙、洋芫荽碎少許。
This is leading to three and four-year- olds throwing tantrums in class because they are being forced to learn to read and write too early, say teachers.	老師們說，這種教育模式會導致三四歲的小孩在課堂上發脾氣，因爲他們在年幼時被迫閱讀和寫作。
Starting to be popular in the Song Dynasty, folding fan becomes the mainstream fan in the Ming and Qing Dynasties.	宋代以後摺扇開始流行，到明清時期摺扇已經發展成爲扇子的主流。
In the spring of 1915 an Allied expedition comprising troops from Britain, France, Australia, New Zealand, Newfoundland and India attempted to capture the Gallipoli peninsula.	在1915年春，由英國、法國、澳大利亞、新西蘭、紐芬蘭以及印度組成的同盟遠征軍試圖爭奪加里波利半島。
Butt live in country means people could have apollution-free environment, a safer food supply and a bigger and cheaper housing.	但是生活在國家意味着人們可以apollution-free環境，安全的食品供應和更大的和更便宜的住房。
China's strategists worry at the vulnerability of their economy to maritime corridors, such as the Strait of Malacca, which they think America's superior navy could choke at will.	中國戰略家擔心中國經濟容易受海上走廊（例如馬六甲海峽）的風吹草動影響，他們認爲美國的超級海軍可以任意掐斷這些走廊。
Fuan lift truck is premium quality, one year guarantee.	富立安堆高機優質服務，保固一年。
For most objects you can use one color for both Ambient and Diffuse components, and black for Emissive (most things don't glow in the dark).	對於大多數對象來說你可以對環境光色和漫射光色使用相同的顏色，對發射光色使用黑色（多數東西在黑暗中並不發光）。
He teaches all liberal sciences and gives account of dead souls that died in sin.	他各人文科學和教給到死，死在仲心靈。
Another manager honored in Monument Park is Casey Stengel. He led the Yankees to seven championships.	另一位被紀念的經理是Casey Stengel，他帶領揚基獲得七次冠軍。
He heard the contents of the glass being poured into the sink .	他聽到杯中物被倒進水盆裏。
The auto maker had 3,723 dealers as of March 31 and has been only able to trim the ranks gradually.	截至3月31日，福特擁有3，723家經銷商。它一直只能逐步減少經銷商數量。
Listing 13 below shows a Wicket label wrapped into a HTML span tag.	下面的清單13展示了嵌套在HTML span標記裏的Wicket標籤。
Cambodian authorities said the stampede tragedy will not stop the Water Festival, which will be continued in 2011.	柬埔寨當局近日表示，不會因發生踩踏慘劇而停止舉辦“送水節”。2011年“送水節”將繼續舉行。
"Sappro Ramen Yokocho(lane)" is the famous alleyway as the birthplace of "Miso Ramen", which makes it know an legend of "Sapporo Ramen" throughout the country.	這“札幌麪條街”是著名的大醬麪條的發源地，從而產生了全國聞名的“札幌麪條”之傳說。
Since a massive earthquake and tsunami hit Japan on Friday, the yen has risen partly on expectations Japanese insurers and companies will repatriate funds to help pay claims and reconstruction costs.	自上週五日本遭遇嚴重地震和海嘯襲擊以來日圓走強,部分因爲市場預期日本的保險商和企業會從海外匯回資金用於理賠和重建.
A new report finds nearly a third of refugees and other people cared for by the U.N. refugee agency are not getting their basic needs met.	一項新的報告發現，在聯合國難民機構受到照顧的難民和其他人當中，有三分之一人的基本需要沒有得到滿足。
Practical analysis of public bank's human resource management - studies of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China's (ICBC) competitive advantages …	對國有商業銀行人力資源管理實踐性的分析-看中國工商銀行的競…
Though Fu isn't sure how many people carry such a genetic mutation, she said it's probably rare as the researchers found no other carriers in a sample of 250.	由於研究人員在250份樣品中沒有發現其攜帶者，儘管Fu不確定有多少人攜帶這種變異的基因，但她認爲可能很少。
He says the opposition will radicalize its demands if these conditions aren't met.	他說如果這些條件不能得到滿足，反對派的要求會變得更激進。
Some people have a greater need for liking from others so are more likely to conform.	一些人需要從別人那裏得到更多的認可，所有更可能隨大流。
After birth, the prenatal essence depends on the postnatal essence to cultivate and enrich so as to maintain life activities.	人生下來之後， 先天之精又要靠後天之精的培養和補充才能使生命活動生生不息。
By discussing the various arrangements during the construction of the coast defense system in the local context, this paper tries to reveal the long-term historical effect of this process.	文章也力圖從當時社會的實際情況出發去理解海防體系建構過程的種種安排，並揭示這一過程對地方社會的長遠影響。
Known as "catch as catch can", it had become standard fare - and popular professional entertainment - at fairs and festivals in both countries.	這種自由式摔跤被稱爲“想抓哪就抓哪”的運動，而且在這兩個國家裏成爲了人們在市集和節日裏常見的節目，甚至成爲流行的娛樂職業。
Six days of perfect weather followed, during which the Third Army inflicted a crushing defeat on the Germans.	其後六天， 天氣好得很， 第三集團軍抓緊機會， 大敗德軍。
The acids in tomato juice can degrade the drink’s other ingredients.	番茄汁中的酸會削弱其他材料帶來的味覺。
Q. How many fundamentalists does it take to screw in a light bulb?	把一個燈泡轉進燈座，需要多少位基要派呢？
The international red blend with austrian character. Blaufränkisch givesspicy flavour and a full body, Cabernet Sauvignon zests this barrique-aged cuvée with intense berry aromas.	帶有奧地利特質的國際知名紅酒。藍法蘭克葡萄爲紅騎士帶來了馥郁的芳香和醇厚的酒體，赤霞珠則賦予了這一在木桶釀造的紅酒濃郁的水果芬芳。
She seemed to suddenly remember who I was: a dorky freshman she didn’t know very well, sitting with my only slightly cooler roommate.	她似乎突然記起了我：一個她不太瞭解的呆子新人，和那個稍微聰明一點的室友坐在一起。
China has become hooked on an unbalanced pattern of economic development, in which investment cures this year's excess capacity by increasing next year's.	中國已變得依賴於一種不平衡的經濟發展模式：用投資“治癒”今年的產能過剩，結果增加了明年的產能過剩。
The definition and theoretical basis of internal market-led management are introduced.	介紹了企業內部市場化的定義及理論依據；
"You can't find words to adequately describe it, " Charles Fulco, a middle-school astronomy teacher from New York, told CNN. "You become addicted.	“簡直無法用語言形容，”查理斯·福爾科，一位來自紐約的高中天文老師向CNN說道，“你沉迷於此。
The bank granted a large loan to the company.	銀行貸給這家公司大量款項。
Developing and propagating of Mazu culture will facilitate our country's peace and reunion, promote the world peace and culture communication and stimulate the local economic development as well.	媽祖文化的挖掘和傳播對於促進祖國和平統一、促進世界和平與文化交流、促進當地經濟發展具有巨大的推動作用。
大部分的艺妓都操业在日本古老的首都——京都。	Most geisha were in Kyoto, the old capital city of Japan.
Her public stance was much tougher than her private feelings on the subject.	在這一問題上，她公開的立場比她私下的態度要強硬得多。
Rub the edges with an orange stamp pad. This is by far the quickest, easiest and least messy method, but it just gives the edges color, so a lot of white will still show through.	用橙色印臺塗抹邊緣： 最快、最輕鬆、最利落就能搞定的辦法，不過只有邊緣有顏色，還能看到很多白色部分。
The motion of round-shaped shaker is simplified to the general motion and the vibrator that consists of frame and vibrator axis is taken as a simple gyroscope in the paper.	將圓形篩的運動簡化爲一般運動，視圓形篩框體及激振軸組成的振動體爲一個簡單的陀螺體。
An oil pressure servo control of closed chamber model corresponding low energy-consumption blank holding system has been established.	針對板料拉深成形微能耗壓邊系統的關鍵技術-封閉容腔液體壓力伺服控制，建立了系統的物理模型；
Three additional schools will be closed beginning Monday in Queens for up to five school days after officials documented increasing levels of influenza-like illnesses.	在政府官員發佈了提高傳染性疾病預警級別的公文後，另外三所皇后區的學校也將從週一開始關閉多達五天的上課日。
The magnetic sensor is used as a magnetic read head in a magnetic recording apparatus such as magnetic disk apparatus.	該磁性傳感器被用作爲例如磁盤裝置這樣地磁性記錄裝置中地磁性讀取頭。
A noblewoman holding the rank of viscount in her own right.	本人擁有子爵權利的女子爵。
Members who were in the experiment group took the lessons of Solution-Focused Group Counseling for ten times; however, the control group members received no treatments.	實驗組成員接受十次的焦點解決取向團體諮商，而控制組則不做任何處理。
It was regarded as the worst mob violence in London since disturbances in the nearby Broadwater Farm area 25 years ago.	它被視爲自25年前發生在倫敦附近的布羅德沃特農場的那次騷亂以來最嚴重的暴力行爲。
Developing economies will see much smaller growth from 35.7% to 37.8% in two years, but these countries also have lower debt tolerance than rich ones.	發展中國家在未來兩年裏將看到非常小的增長，從35.7%到37.8%，但是這些國家和富裕國家相比債務承受能力也很低。
When the chicken crow, follow the chicken.	雞叫的時候，你就跟着雞走。
Tongji University Venture Fund is the main sponsor and the second biggest shareholder of YMA.	同濟大學創業基金爲曼氏建築重要贊助方及第二大股東。
An ethnographic study that requires actual assimilation into a foreign culture might not be possible for logistical reasons.	稍加思索可預知，採用民族誌研究法，研究者必須實際融入外國文化，並不切實；
The academy has two full-size pitches plus classrooms, training facilities, changing rooms and restaurants.	這所學校擁有兩個標準足球場地，還有教室、訓練設施、更衣室以及餐廳。
Rarely. Particularly since the changes made to Revenge in patch 2.1.0.	很少，特別是自2.1版對復仇的改變之後。
Whole body cast, rigid, and stable performance.	機身整體鑄造，剛性好，性能穩定。
I get home at 7 a.m., sleep for two hours, then go to my day job selling cosmetics.	我到家是早上七點，睡兩個小時，然後去日班賣化妝品。
line of code you see in most callback functions comes in; it ensures the server is done and it's safe to update a Web page or take action based on data from the server.	這就是爲什麼您在大部分回調函數中都可以看到 if (request.readyState == 4) 這行代碼；它確保服務器已經完成對請求的處理，現在可以安全地更新 Web 頁面或根據從服務器返回來的數據來進行操作了。
Objective To explore the causes of failure of mastoidectomy and precautions.	目的：探討乳突根治術失敗原因及預防措施。
In this regard, Genba Koizumi in talks at a joint press conference that Japan has always been clear on the "Korea-Japan Agreement on the right to request" position, so will not repeat.	對此，玄葉光一郎在會談後舉行的聯合記者會上表示，日方一貫闡明瞭對《韓日請求權協定》的立場，因此不在此重複。
Try fruits, raw veggies and low-fat dips, low-fat whole-grain crackers, plain unsalted popcorn or pretzels, gelatin, or low-fat yogurt.	水果、天然蔬菜和低脂蘸醬、低脂全麥薄餅、無鹽爆米花或脆餅、明膠或低脂酸奶都可以嘗試。
It was an era that had opened one hundred years ago when the forces of reaction in Europe were crushing the Revolution of 1848 and beginning a ruthless expansion eastward into Asia.	這個時代是在一百年前歐洲反動勢力鎮壓一八四八年革命，開始向東方對亞洲無情地進行擴張時開始的。
There are those who give little of the much which they have—and they give it for recognition and their hidden desire makes their gifts unwholesome.	有人有許多財產，卻只把一小部分給人——他們爲求名而施與，那潛藏的慾念，使他們的禮物不完美。
Through the jungle to feed the bio-food, such as red pepper, garlic and watermelon seeds to eliminate them, or else you are a food they!	通過喂叢林中的生物以食物，比如紅辣椒、西瓜種子和大蒜來消滅它們，否則你就是它們的食物了！
At a State department meeting on Wednesday, one participant, veteran diplomat Jack Croddy, pointed out the risks of injury and death faced by American diplomats.	星期三，在國務院的一次會議上，一名與會者、老資格的外交官傑克·克勞迪指出了美國外交人員面臨的傷亡風險。
Middle and lower class families could not afford to pay bride payments for their sons, or dowries for their daughters, and thus the role of "sim-pua" was born.	中下階層的家庭負擔不起兒子的婚嫁費用以及女兒的嫁妝，「媳婦仔」的角色因此應運而生。
It is however clear that the species has suffered demographically at the hands of human activities such as deforestation and poaching .	然而很清楚的是，這個物種的數量遭受人類活動如濫伐和盜獵的殘害。
We've agreed on to- night, and Rosy's stuck to the affirmative this time for two whole days.	我們已定在了今晚，羅西這次也已整整兩天沒改主意了。
But as you know, for you own vision is not something that you reason about.	但是，衆所周之，我們對於視覺本不需要推理。
Observations such as autistic children having generally larger head circumferences are intriguing, but their roles in the disorder are unclear.	意見，如自閉症兒童一般具有較大的頭圍是迷人的，但它們的作用的障礙目前還不清楚。
These results showed that the subgroup J avian leukosis virus infections existed in the layer populations in Hubei Province, but the infection rates were different among the 4 breeds.	調查結果表明，湖北省的蛋雞羣中存在J亞羣禽白血病病毒感染，不同品種蛋雞的感染程度存在明顯差異。
But at the same time, he says China's door is always open for talks and cooperation.	同時，歐陽玉靖也談到，中國願與有關國家推進合作和對話。
As a high-liability and high-risk industry, the problem of bad financial creditor's right in commercial banks revolves around the banking all the time.	作爲高負債、高風險行業，商業銀行的不良金融債權問題一直伴隨着銀行業。
Abstract : A quantitative determination of total polyphenols from Pyracantha fortuneana were optimized by Folin-Ciocalteu colorimetry with Response surface methodology.	摘要 ： 通過響應面優化建立了福林酚比色法檢測火棘總酚含量的定量方法。
He was a murderer whose hands reeked with blood.	他是一個雙手沾滿鮮血的殺人犯。
The 160-page English-slanglish lexiconincludes terms, definitions, parts of speech, sample sentences and notes on the etymologyand origin of new slang, Munro said.	孟羅說，這本160頁的英語俚語詞典包括詞條、定義、選段、例句、有關詞源的註釋和新俚語的來源。
Salisbury Journal praises Ningen is " Pure beauty and raw appel!"	英國薩斯伯瑞日報讚譽「純粹的美麗及驚人的吸引力！」
Sense of domination by imperial-minded people, like the soil, like the seeds of hooliganism.	被皇權意識支配頭腦的人民好比土壤，流氓無賴好比種子。
Rising levels of education have given people more control over their own health, household circumstances, governments, and culture.	提高人民的教育水平，已經能讓人民更好的維護自己的健康，維護自己的家居環境，維護好政府和文化。
Supercomputers help build nuclear weapons, design aerospace engines, and produce lifesaving drugs. For years, the U.S. had the best and biggest arsenal. Until China got in the game.	超級計算機可以幫助製造核武器，設計航天發動機和生產救命藥。多年以來，美國有着最好最大的超級計算機。現在，中國進入了這個領域。
But just 9 percent of those who use M.I.T. OpenCourseWare are educators.	但是隻有9%使用麻省理工開放課程的網友是教育者。
The big black Bakelite phone rang at half past ten.	十點半的時候，外殼用膠木做的電話響了。
Stubbing encourages this style of design. It reduces the coupling between objects and improves reuse.	殘根模式鼓勵這樣的設計，它可以對象的偶合性，提高重用。
Fish generally respire through gills. Most bony Fishes have a swim bladder, a gas-filled organ used to adjust swimming depth.	一般是經由鰓呼吸。大部分硬骨魚有鰾，這是源於消化管的憩室，司控制浮力或爲輔助呼吸器官。
In the experimental application of the Chinese Education IC Card System, the new key-management system performs high security and stability.	本文在時間維上詳細闡述了該三維模型在教育卡應用平臺密鑰管理系統中的應用。
Water boils at different temperatures, depending on what the atmospheric pressure is; same thing for the freezing point.	丹佛和波士頓水的沸點，就不一樣;,在不同的大氣壓下。
Horrid! And gold flushed more.	小騷貨！金髮的臉更紅了。
Knowing yourself revolves around building a deeper understanding of our tendencies to hide behind various masks and being willing to examine them.	瞭解你自己，使我們對藏在各種面具背後的傾向有了更深一層次的認識，也使我們檢查他們。
According to Abbott, “versions of such partnerships are happening now in print and broadcast newsrooms across the country, though many are reluctant to discuss them too openly.	阿伯特認爲，“這種形式的合作如今在全國的紙媒和電子媒體的新聞編輯部中均有發生，儘管許多人並不願意公開談論。”
He was not only a great calligrapher, but also a phonology expert, historian, geographer, criminologist, Buddhist scholar and translator.	他不光是一位書畫大家， 而且還是音韻學家、歷史學家、 地理學家、刑律學家、 佛學家、翻譯家呢。
British KFC outlets, for example, pioneered a breakfast menu which is now being offered in 12 countries.	例如，英國的KFC創先提供的早餐菜單，如今已可見於12個國家的餐廳。
As a result, Japanese larch should be one of main rapid-growth and high-yield species in mid-mountain zones and low-elevation zones in high mountains and canyons in Sichuan.	綜合分析認爲日本落葉松應成爲四川省中山地帶和高山峽谷區低海拔地帶主要速生豐產造林樹種之一。
For example, an electronic book for $30 could be sold to your prospects.	例如，電子書籍可以出售給你30元的前景。
A brainy girl killed herself after feeling "humiliated and embarrassed" at being unable to get a job.	一名非常聰明的女孩在找工作失敗後，因覺得“羞辱和尷尬”而自殺。
Can you please open an irrevocable documentary credit?	能開一張不可撤消的跟單信用證嗎？
Five of which thou shalt couple by themselves, and the six others thou shalt couple one to another, so as to double the sixth curtain in the front of the roof.	五幅布幔縫在一起，另六幅也縫在一起，但第六幅應在棚頂前面疊起。
Based on the line and circle structures network, the remote sensing and geological integrative prospecting model of the belt is bui …	在總結成礦規律的基礎上，建立了以線性、環形構造網絡爲主體的遙感地質綜合找礦模式。
Nano anti -fouling coating is one of efficient measures for solving pipe fouling problem in the urban untreated sewage cooling and heating source system.	採用新型納米抗垢塗料是解決城市原生污水冷熱源系統污垢的有效措施之一。
Many of these devices, such as WML, I-Mode, HTML, are already supported by the standard portal installation, and others, such as, Voice and Pocket PC, can be supported through special extensions.	這些設備中有許多（例如 WML、I-Mode 和 HTML）已被標準的門戶安裝所支持，其他設備（例如語音和 Pocket PC）可由特別擴展來支持。
Annealing: Heating to 740~770℃, Holding time 1~3h, Colding in furnace.	退火：加熱至740～770℃，在此溫度停留1～3小時，在爐中冷卻。
For example, Sanitize::escape("O'Brien") would return a string with the value O\'Brien.	例如，Sanitize::escape("O'Brien") 返回一個值爲 O\'Brien 的字符串。
A newer tool called tcpflow complements tcpdump and provides a way to do protocol flow analysis and to properly reconstruct data streams, regardless of packet order or retransmissions.	一個叫做 tcpflow 的新工具與 tcpdump 相輔相成，它提供協議流分析和適當地重構數據流的方法，而不管數據包的順序或重發。
Becoming a winning poker player means knowing when to quit.	成爲撲克中的贏家意味着你知道何時收手。
Doctors Without Borders issued a statement saying that some Port-au-Prince residents were suffering from watery diarrhea and were being treated at facilities in the capital city.	無國界醫生組織在其發表的一則聲明上稱：&ldquo；以前那些出現輕微腹瀉的居民已經被送進首都醫療機構進行治療。
Elegant environment, professional equipment, high-quality services, is host weddings, parties and all kinds of great business dinner place.	優雅的環境，專業的設備，優質的服務，是承辦婚宴，聚會及各類商務宴請的絕佳場所。
Then from the vast historic course, saw indistinctly future the humanity will certainly to realize the final unification, and henceforth obtains the final eternal life!	進而從浩瀚的歷史進程中，隱約看到未來的人類必將實現最終的統一，並從此得到最終的永生！
Choline has been shown to protect your memory, while two proteins in eggs -- lutein and zeaxanthin -- protect against vision loss.	膽鹼已被證實能提高記憶力，而雞蛋裏的兩種蛋白質——葉黃素和玉米黃質，有助於保護視力。
Based on the principle of VSB, a new kind of amplitude demodulation for VSB launching powerful carrier wave at dispatcher is proposed, and the anti-noise property of the system is analyzed.	從殘留邊帶（VSB）調製原理出發，提出一種在發送端發射強載波，從而用包絡檢波法對VSB進行解調的方法，並對其抗噪聲性能進行了詳細的分析介紹。
The method is that designing theory is simpleness and being understood is easy and avoiding complexity computation on state equations and drive equations.	設計原理簡單，易於理解，使設計更直觀清楚，比傳統方法簡便、快捷，避免了對狀態方程、驅動方程的複雜計算；
Ascending transference of the rural labor force refers to a pattern of which self-employment or starting a business independently is usually chosen when the rural labor force somewhere is shifted.	農村勞動力升級轉移是指某地農村勞動轉移後，到異地自我僱用或自主創業模式。
Guys, have you seen my sketchbook?	你們看見我的素材本了嗎?。
When the open-loop gain of servo system is determined, the selection of DAC resolution and gear ratio is restricted each other and should be paid much attention in the design of servo system.	由於DAC和齒輪減速比都影響着伺服系統的開環增益，當系統開環增益一定時，DAC位數的實際作用和減速比的選擇相互限制，在設計雷達伺服系統中需注意。
How can I rebuild my trust in him?	怎樣才能重新建立起我對他的信任？
Flame Gasing: vulcano eruption at targets location, massive hp degeneration.	火焰加星：火山噴發時的目標位置，巨大的馬力變性。
The most complicated of all forms of binding is the working of wraps and strap openings.	最複雜的滾邊是在服裝的疊襟或吊帶的開衩上加以滾邊。
“Intimacy has been a struggle for us, working through all that, ” Ms. Waddell said.	“親密對於我們而言，就是掙扎，自始至終如此，”瓦德爾女士說。
By electing to read the Website Version of the Corporate Communication published on the Bank's website in place of receiving printed copies, you have expressly consented.	在選擇瀏覽在本行網站發出之公司通訊網上版本以代替收取印刷本後， 閣下已明示同意放棄收取公司通訊印刷本的權利。
The people who allowed torture have faced no punishment at all.	而那些允許酷刑的人卻不會受到任何處罰。
The scientists believe that our ‘work hard, play hard’ society encourages us to sacrifice sleep and compromises our health.	科學家們稱，被不少人奉行的“努力工作、拼命玩樂”的生活原則是以犧牲睡眠和健康爲前提的。
It ordered the company to investigate problems on the 2010 Prius hybrid that could cause its brakes to be unresponsive when driving slowly on bumpy or icy roads.	它命令豐田對2010普瑞斯在顛簸或結冰的路面緩慢行駛而出現剎車不靈的問題展開調查。
A Confederate boat carried Fox to Sumter.	一艘邦聯的船隻將福克斯運送到薩姆特堡。
This paper tests the high-point carrying capacity of prestressed cored slab under Different Concrete Strength by destructive experiment which process is simple, clear and easy to implement.	文章通過破壞性試驗對不同強度的預應力空心板進行了極限承載能力檢驗，其過程簡潔、清晰、易於實施。
In nearly ever major metropolitan area, companies provide a wide range of services for hosting online games, including everything from bargain-basement colocation to fully managed hosting.	幾乎在每個主要的大都市，都有一些公司能夠提供大量的在線遊戲託管服務，其中既包括廉價的簡單場所提供，也有管理全面的全套託管服務。
First, they use Slave Wages making mothers pay large sums of their check to cover their so called great benefit package.	首先，他們用很廉價的成本讓主婦們支付鉅額支票來填滿她們所謂的超級實惠包。
Water Proof Switch, Used for electric kettle, Washing machine.	防水開關，用於電水壺，洗衣機。
Such "dirty thunderstorms" may occur when rock and ice particles loosed by exploding magma collide in the atmosphere.	火山爆炸的岩漿使得那裏的岩石鬆動和形成了冰粒子，當它們在大氣中相互碰撞時，就有可能出現像圖片上的那種“骯髒雷雨”。
After four months in Benin and Ghana, hitting Cairo and Zürich on my way home weaned me away from the African reality back towards full Western industrial comforts.	在貝寧灣和加納呆了幾個月之後，在回家的路上偶然去了開羅和蘇黎世，這讓我拋開了非洲的現實，重回到了全西方的工業化的舒適當中。
A new constitutive model, namely equivalent viscoplastic model, adaptive to cumulative deformation computation of sandy silt under long-term cyclic loading is proposed.	提出了適用於長期循環荷載作用下粉細砂累積變形計算的等效黏塑性本構模型及數值模擬方法。
Another possibility is that schizophrenia is more likely to be detected in more socially cohesive neighbourhoods.	另外一個可能性就是在鄰里關係更和諧的社區，精神分裂症更容易被察覺。
LCD screen display, man-machine dialogue, graphic display interface.	液晶屏幕顯示，人機對話，圖形顯示界面。
Don't use makeshift scaffolds such as a chair balanced on a desk when you are reaching for something overhead. Take the time to get a stepladder or stepstool.	不要用諸如將凳子放在桌子上等湊和的腳手架來拿高處的東西。去找一個梯子或登高工具。
John Prendergast, human rights activist and co-founder of the Enough project, told Al Jazeera: "One should not overplay this idea of north versus south or Christian versus Muslim."	人權活動家，同時也是“Enough”計劃合夥人的約翰·普蘭德爾加斯特，對半島電視臺說：“人們不應該過分渲染南北矛盾或是基督徒與穆斯林之間的矛盾。”
The U.S. Navy created Combined Task Force 151 on counter-piracy, and we actively support the expansion of NATO and European Union counter-piracy missions.	美國海軍建立了一支打擊海盜的"151聯合特種部隊"(Combined Task Force 151)；我們還積極支持北約和歐盟擴大打擊海盜的計劃。
I prefer to use debit card when shop on the Internet.	我通常喜歡用提款卡在網上購物。
And then apply PBPM system based on the the four quadrant detector in HLS B3A-20, measure the the actual location of synchrotron light, and compare the result with measurement of BQ6E .	然後應用此基於四象限探測器的光位置測量系統對合肥光源B3A-20出光口引出的同步光的光位置進行實際的在線測量，並與BQ6E的測量結果進行了比較分析。
June 13, 1956, the last batch of troops from the British occupation of 74 years, the Suez Canal zone.	1956年6月13日，最後一批英國軍隊撤離佔領了74年之久的蘇伊士運河區。
The gentle breezes convey quietly to you my constant concern and profound blessing.	柔柔的微風，悄悄地傳送我對你時時的關懷，深深的祝福。
In this case, a component is dragged from the Toolbox or pasted from the clipboard.	在這種情況下，將從文本框中拖動某一組件，或通過剪貼板進行粘貼。
Some are forced to tap expensive, coal-burning power plants that are kept for just such a purpose.	有時候，電力公司只能求諸專爲應付此類情況的、成本高昂的燃煤電廠。
Today’s ceremony marks the 26th annual World Food Day observance by FAO and by hundreds of thousands of people worldwide.	今天的慶祝儀式是糧農組織和全世界千百萬人每年共同慶祝的第26個世界糧食日。
Eventually, such solutions to the need for dividing a scarce resource may lead to speciation .	最終， 這種對珍貴資源的劃分方式可能導致物種形成。
The tendon had been so skillfully grafted in that the boy was able to flex his finger quite normally after four weeks.	腱的接合手術做得非常高明，那個男孩在四個星期以後，就能相當正常地伸屈他的手指了。
Mr. Dunne predicted that the Chinese market for luxury cars would more than double in the coming years, to 650, 000 in 2015, compared with 300, 000 last year.	鄧恩預測未來中國市場對奢侈高端汽車的需求將增長一倍以上，從去年的30萬輛翻番攀升到2015年65萬輛。
When taking the value standard of equity and development to test the policy of Free Education for Normal University Students(FENS) implemented since 2007, It can be found an agreement with the SPD.	以＂公平＂和＂發展＂價值基石來檢視我國2007年實施的師範生免費教育政策，會發現它與發展型社會政策價值取向的內在一致性。
Based on some MA theses, the study collects the effects of teaching language skills, teaching behavioral skills and blackboard writing skills by questionnaires.	參考了相關碩士學位論文的資料，通過問卷蒐集教學語言、教態和板書技能評價效果。
Example valves would include a shut-off valve for an economizer cycle, an unloader valve, or a suction modulation valve.	作爲示例的閥可包括經濟器循環的斷流閥、卸荷器閥或 吸入調節閥。
Results of those taking the probiotics alongside anti-histamines were more significant than those taking an antihistamine alone.	服用益生菌加抗組胺的一組和單獨服用抗組胺的一組比較，同時服用益生菌功效更顯著。
By adjusting parameters, covered warrant can be a effective tool to implement the circulation of non-circulation share.	通過設計合適的運作模式和工程參數，備兌權證可以成爲解決非流通股全流通問題的有效手段。
XML::CSV provides similar support for text-delimited files, such as the popular comma-separated values and tab-delimited formats.	CSV 爲以文本分隔的文件（如通用的以逗號分隔的值和以製表符定界的格式）提供了類似支持。
After years of water supply pipeline construction management, the common problem in the pipeline construction was collated with the corresponding control measures for cross-reference and promotion.	經過多年自來水管道工程施工管理，對管道施工中存在的通病進行了整理並提出了相應的防治措施，以作相互參考和促進。
Ten nets are exquisite and regular, seemlingly having gained mercy of gods.	網織的精巧而規矩，八卦形的張開，彷彿得到神主。
Aim: To discuss the law of Anopheles sinensis population's reproduction, survival in Zhengzhou.	目的：探討鄭州中華按蚊種羣生殖，存活的規律。
Novel begs the world-shaking corruption story, but is lifelike, natural vividly show me a close "epidemic temptation" and "the corruption state of" earthly scroll.	小說逃避了驚天動地的糜爛故事，卻活靈敏現，自然生動地給我展現了一個關“盛行性誘惑”和“亞糜爛狀態”的現世畫卷。
You will achieve strong ability service. We will help you design ratepaying, reasonable tax mitigation, debasement of money ullage, which display our work efficiency.	用榮天，您將獲得以高智能的服務，幫助客戶進行納稅籌劃，合理避稅，合法降低資金損耗，高效、及時、順暢的工作效率。
If your application needs to use facilities such as logging and writing data files, file system-based support is easier to install, configure, and administer compared with the raw I/O.	如果您的應用程序需要使用記錄日誌和寫入數據文件等工具，那麼，相對於原始的 I/O， 基於文件系統的支持更便於安裝、配置和管理。
We gave them the opportunity to express their feelings, to affirm themselves.	我們給了他們一個機會表達自己的感情，他們可以藉此挺一挺腰桿。
The building is 3-storey high, which is made of stone.	這座屋子高三層，是用外地的石頭製作的。
No matter what changes take place in the international situation, the Chinese government and people will as always resolutely support the just cause of Arab states and their people.	無論國際風雲如何變幻，中國政府和人民將始終堅定支持阿拉伯國家和人民的正義事業。
I have the honor Nov. 12 XX newspaper advertisement in your hotel, I should like to apply for the position.	謹隨函附上十一月十二日XX報貴酒店招聘廣告，我願應招此一職位。
Chown's book is a lively read which serves not only to make strange physics appear more familiar but, even better, to make the familiar appear wonderfully strange.	喬恩的書很生動，讀起來讓使奇怪的物理現象顯得熟悉；而更妙的是，我們熟悉的現象也變得陌生而奇妙起來。
As I described in an earlier post on this topic, on many mornings I do a little ritual: I just close my eyes, and take a couple of minutes to think of the people and things I'm grateful for.	就像我早前對這一話題所描述的一樣，在許多個早晨我都會做一個小小的程序：閉上我的雙眼，花上幾分鐘時間想想我很感激的人和事。
Asia Cement's 1Q11 results were strong.	亞洲水泥1Q11 業績強勁。
On the basis of the principle of angle digitalization of a synchronous electrical machine, the disadvantage of digitalization algorithm is pointed out.	從同步機角度數字化的基本原理出發，指出角度數字化算法存在的欠缺。
Other staff already was used to buy on the net " brummagem " , she holds to herself to wear the principle of expensive clothes only however.	別的同事都已習慣在網上購買“便宜貨”，她卻堅持自己只穿貴衣服的原則。
The PPRC path is a logical path that is defined between the primary LSS and the secondary LSS.	PPRC 路徑是在主要 LSS 和輔助 LSS 之間定義的邏輯路徑。
Some observers see a pre-Olympics mini-boom in state-controlled companies coming to market.	一些觀察人士相信在在奧運會前國有企業上市會有一個小高潮。
Thus saith the LORD, Go and get a potter's earthen bottle, and take of the ancients of the people, and of the ancients of the priests;	耶和華如此說，你去買窯匠的瓦瓶，又帶百姓中的長老和祭司中的長老。
The element is a substance that cannot be broken down into simpler substance by chemical means.	元素是一種物質，這種物質不能用一般的化學方法再分裂成更爲簡單的物質。（譯成並列句，重譯先行詞）
A visual approach for rapid resettlement of Beckmann thermometer was given in this paper.	對原有的貝克曼溫度計“標尺讀數法”進行了改進，並對新方法作了圖解說明。
Thus the beast not only has dodged censors’ computers, but has also eluded the government’s own ban on so-called offensive behavior.	因此，這匹馬不僅躲開了審查者的計算機，也規避了政府對所謂攻擊性行爲的禁令。
Lawmakers on Tuesday are to question Murdoch, his son James and Rebekah Brooks, the former chief executive of Murdoch's U. K. newspaper arm.	在週二的國會議員質疑，他的兒子詹姆斯默多克和利百加布魯克斯，前首席執行官默多克的英國報紙手臂。
Thee Goatherd scolded them for their ingratitude in leaving him, when during the storm he hadtaken more care of them than of his own herd.	牧羊人責怪它們棄他而去是忘恩負義，說暴風雪期間他對它們的照顧比對自己的羊還要多。 。
but he left it to him on such terms as destroyed half the value of the bequest .	但是，因爲附有條件，這份遺產便失去了一半價值。
Beauty fit to ornament those ancient manors.	適於裝飾那些古老的莊園的美人。
Helen:Hot springs in Iceland?	海倫：冰島有溫泉？
Rémy Martin XO as champagne cognac alcohol, show the different layers of "Water for Life, " a unique taste and aroma.	人頭馬天醇XO爲頂級香檳干邑，層層展現不同“生命之水”的獨特味覺與芳香。
In the future also drew more attention to Hita, and continue to give our strong support!	今後還請大家更多地關注日田、並繼續給與我們大力的支持！
Mr Thant, however, skirts three difficulties.	然而，有三個問題吳丹敏處理不得當。
The lower part of PV curve contains abundant information about UEP bifurcating as power changes.	常用電力系統P-V曲線的下半部分包含有不穩定平衡點隨功率P變化的豐富信息。
However, because XM works in batch mode, it uses a different strategy and simply ignores alternate style sheets.	然而，因爲 XM 以批處理方式工作，所以它使用不同的策略，完全忽略備用樣式表。
The 22-year-old was aboard a plane that landed in Turin just a couple of hours ago, and despite not speaking upon his arrival, he looked to be in an extremely buoyant mood according to TMW.	這位22歲的球員乘坐的飛機於幾個小時前剛剛降落在都靈，雖然不能說他已經加盟尤文，但可以看出他的心情很好。
Which hole is this?	這是幾桿洞？
During the R&D process for the US fourth-generation fighters, this process was carried out intensely.	在美國第四代戰鬥機的研發過程中，他們也嚴格貫徹了這一點。
And the priest shall look upon him the seventh day： and if it be spread much abroad in the skin， then the priest shall pronounce him unclean： it is the plague of leprosy.	13：27 到第七天，祭司要察看他，火斑若在皮上發散開了，就要定他爲不潔淨，是大麻瘋的災病。
Results: Both the decoction and 95% alcohol extract of Suanzaoren possess sedative and hypnotic effects.	結果：酸棗仁湯水煎液和95％醇提液均有鎮靜、催眠作用。
Creates a result color with the luminance and hue of the base color and the saturation of the blend color.	用基色的亮度和色相以及混合色的飽和度創建結果色。
You can of course pick different service names as command line arguments and so on.	您當然可以選擇不同的服務名稱作爲命令行參數或其他參數。
And in the third chapter, the principle and the characteristic of analog-digital multiplication OCF are described in detail.	並在第三章中重點講述了模擬混合最優濾波技術的原理和特點。
On the basis of our studies, orogenic peridotites can be classified into subcontinental peridotite, intrusive mafic-ultramafic cumulate complex and oceanic mantle peridotite.	根據現有的研究，可將俯衝帶橄欖岩大致分爲陸下地幔橄欖岩、基性-超基性堆晶雜巖和大洋地幔橄欖岩。
Resist the temptation to talkabout the "bad ass" paper you need help with, your "loser"TA who didn't teach you what you needed to know, or the "crappy"grade you just got on the midterm.	不要隨意拿以下的事情當談資：你的論文很難搞，你那個“很衰”助教都不教些你想知道的東西，或者是你期中考試考了個很爛的分數。
Making sure mothers struggling with mental health issues receive adequate assessment and treatment is critical to breaking that cycle, said Meltzer-Brody.	Brody說：“爲了打破這樣的循環，確保患有精神疾病的媽媽得到充分的評估和治療此時至關重要。
With much vibrato and glissando , she depicted the vocal melodies and with just as much sensitivity and temperament she expressed the poesy of the pieces and her joy of life.	她用顫音和滑奏拉出歌唱般的旋律，而她演奏時的那種細膩和氣質爲聽衆描繪了一篇篇的詩歌和她生命中的快樂。
Speaking loudly or indiscreetly; loud - mouthed.	多嘴的說話大聲的或不慎重的；
Nations did not find stability, or sustained prosperity, until they became accountable to their citizens	只有對老百姓負責任的國家，纔會走上穩定與可持續發展的繁榮之路。
In three more my sister would want to go.	再過三年，妹妹也要上了。
Based on the experiments of G550 cold-formed thin-walled steel roof truss structures, an analysis model considering geometry and material non-linearity is established using general FEM software ANSYS.	基於已完成的G550冷彎薄壁型鋼屋架結構承載力試驗，採用通用有限元軟件ANSYS，建立考慮材料和幾何非線性的分析模型。
Each  element has an associated action attribute, which, in this particular case, can take on the values "set" or "add", along with a corresponding value attribute.	每個  元素都有一個相關聯的 action 屬性，在這個示例中，這個屬性可以具有 "set" 或 "add" 值，以及相應的 value 屬性。
I deeply appreciate this opportunity to brief the Council, with full respect for the many heavy burdens on your shoulders.	我深深感謝有此機會向安理會介紹情況，並充分意識到你們肩上承擔着衆多沉重負擔。
It turns out that you can be a committed nurse and have a social life.	因爲那可以證明你可以是個有社交生活的帶罪護士。
Treat as thus, as we bring you into a new conditioning- a new frame of thinking and spiritual orientation that requires only the knowing and dealing with spirit that is energy in its purest form.	這樣來看，當我們把你帶入一個新的狀況中——一種新的思維框架，靈性的方向僅僅要求知道並與那以它最純粹的形式（出現）的能量的靈性合作。
Some days must be dark and dreary.	有些日子肯定幽暗而鬱悒。
There were armoured personnel carriers and tanks on the streets…	街上有裝甲運兵車和坦克。
The play closes with ample poetic justice and universal jubilee: the villain is cruelly done to death, the orphan recovers his lost property, and Ch'eng Ying receives rewards for his sacrifice.	這個劇近乎十足的因果報應大團圓：惡棍被千刀萬剮，孤兒重獲榮華富貴，程嬰的犧牲也得到了報償。
The principle of pressure decay leak detection and the error of leak detection are(introduced).	介紹了壓降檢漏法的基本原理、漏率的誤差分析，分析了常用壓降檢漏存在的問題。
A suicide bomber set off an explosive-laden vehicle on a field during a volleyball match in northwestern Pakistan, killing at least 88 people.	一名自殺炸彈手在巴基斯坦西北部排球比賽中引爆一輛裝滿炸藥的汽車，炸死88人。
Tony emailed again, saying: "In my last class, the teacher announced that 'unasked-for criticism is the biggest killer of creativity.'	tony又發了一封郵件：“在最後一節課上，老師說‘不請自來的批評是創造力最大的殺手。’
Then in 227 C. E. they were overthrown by the Sassanid Persians who would have continued the development of the Persian traditions of astrology.	後來在227年，他們被波斯薩珊王朝打敗，後者將波斯傳統的占星術繼續發展了下去。
But , when British Rail offered him an all –expenses-paid birthday trip to the capital , he just could not refuse .	但是，當英國鐵路公司包攬一切費用給他提供了到首都的旅行時，他簡直無法拒絕。
The producer was Lawan Davis.	生產者蠟丸戴維斯。
Thus, attention needs to be paid to re-investigation of the function of "homophonic synonymy" in Chinese study, which is worth enough concern but not over-exaggeration.	應當重新審視“音同義通”在漢語研究中的作用，既要重視之，亦不宜過於誇大之。
"Thousands of people gathered in the Three Self churches for Sunday service and sometimes you could barely hear anything," said Sun.	“幾千個人聚集在三自教堂裏做禮拜，人多的有時幾乎什麼都聽不見，”孫說。
"Chinese consumers found the U.S. Oreo too sweet, so we made it less sweet," Khosla says.	“中國消費者覺得奧利奧餅乾(Oreo)太甜了，於是我們把糖分含量調低，”科斯拉說， “還有他們覺得原來的價格-----花5元錢（73美分）買 14塊餅乾------太昂貴了，而且餅乾包體積也太大。
I put aside the various boxes of nails, nuts, and bolts—items I bought to make my other purchases seem more normal.	我就把釘子，螺栓，還有鬆緊旋鈕這些小東西放一旁，以便和其他工具區分開來。
In some cases the stigma has matured before the anthers are ripe.	這些動詞均有“成熟、長成”之意。
It was Ming-Lee, the newest addition to our staff.	是明-李，對我們的職員最新的附加。
Zhang has once bought my ink painting on behalf of his friend in 1993 and he often comes to the openings of my solo exhibition at Plum Blossoms Gallery in Hong Kong.	張頌仁93年的時候就替他的朋友付錢給我購買我的水墨畫，後來也參加過我在香港萬玉堂畫廊的個展開幕。
Wealthy people have the choice of getting around the corporate profits tax.	富人則可以選擇,逃避公司所得稅
The terminal is used in conjunction with a photographic typesetter.	這種終端與照相排版機一起使用。
What happened: On January 28, 1986 the Space Shuttle Challenger broke apart 73 seconds after takeoff, killing all the astronauts on board.	事件：1986年1月28日，挑戰者號航天飛機在起飛73秒後爆炸，機上所有宇航員全部遇難。
food contaminated with T. cruzi through for example the contact with triatomine bug faeces	經克氏錐蟲污染的食物，例如通過接觸錐蝽臭蟲的糞便；
They never allowed the government to develop trains.	它們絕不允許政府開發鐵路。
In this paper, we propose a mathematical model of planar reflector on the Solar pond.	本文提出了太陽池反射板的數學模型，並進行了計算。
In most browsers to select one paragraph at a time, triple-click on it.	在大多數瀏覽器中，三擊以選擇段落。
Is that graduate student of Nanjing Normal University in 2008 have an exam pedagogics is registered for examination of enrolling proportion a number?	南京師範大學2008年研究生考試教育學報考錄取比例是多少?。
In addition, Shangxuan performs solo recitals in piano and percussion music at cultural centers, his repertoire including challenging compositions by Bach, Mozart and Chopin.	此外，尚軒還在文化中心舉辦大型鋼琴、打擊樂器獨奏會，演奏高難度的巴哈、莫扎特、肖邦等曲目。
He was also a reckless adventurer who got lucky.	同時他也是一位輕率魯莽而運氣十足的冒險家。
It delivers value more slowly to everyone. Invariably.	這會讓交付價值變得更慢，對所有客戶都會變慢。
This process is repeated for all routers in the OSPF network.	此程序在OSPF 網路的所有路由器中重複進行。
Experiences and lessons are drawn and summarized from other provinces in China that have launched the specific model in the paper.	分析了部分省份實施“統貸統還”模式的經驗教訓；
Her hair flowed over her shoulder.	她的頭髮飄垂到肩上。
Tom is an easygoing type of person who gets along well with everyone.	湯姆是那種隨和的人，跟誰都合得來。
"It was several different tests, procedures, surgeries, ultrasounds, blood tests, trips here, doctor this, nurse that, phone calls, research, " said Suzanne Elmore.	“這要各種不同的檢查、辦理手續、手術、超聲、血液檢查，一會醫生這兒，一會護士哪兒，電話啦、研究啦。” 蘇珊。 艾爾摩說道。
But by adding some very precise parameters, you'll sound confident and strong from the start.	但是，如果你略施小計，那你從一開始就會顯得自信與堅強。
And in the eye in another architect, black and white and dichromatic became classic, refined delegate however.	而在另一位設計者的眼中，黑白兩色卻成爲了古典、雅緻的代表。
Keya Da Photoelectric Technology Co. , Ltd. has, is the professional design and manufacture of photovoltaic products.	科亞達光電有科技有限公司，是專業設計製造光電產品。
Some schools have already started separating the sexes for some lessons and say it has eliminated the "peacock effect" of boys showing off and provided a more equal distribution of teacher time.	日前，已經有一些學校開始嘗試着在某些課程上實行分班授課。 據他們表示，這樣做可以排除男女生之間的互相影響，並同時讓授課老師更合理地分配時間。
This direct contact gas hydrate cold storage installation is composed of a refrigerating system, a viewable hydrate reaction tank, a viewable hydrate storage tank and a cold releasing terminal system.	直接接觸式氣體水合物蓄冷實驗臺包括製冷系統，可視化水合物反應罐，可視化水合物儲存罐和空調末端放冷系統。
The main difficulty of off-line handwritten signature verification is feature extraction.	離線手寫簽名鑑別的主要困難在於簽名特徵的提取。
Cuddle with your kids.	擁抱你的孩子。
Set it high enough so that valid lock requests do not time-out because of peak workloads, during which time there is an increased wait for locks.	將它設置得足夠高，這樣有效的鎖請求就不會因爲高峯時的工作負載而超時，在高峯時等待獲取鎖的時間將延長。
Although solitary accessory spleen is not uncommon, multiple accessory spleens are rare.	雖然單一性副脾並非不常見，但多發性副脾仍屬少見。
They played really well. It was tough for us but I think we battled well with 10 men.	他們踢的很不錯，但我想在我們10人應戰後我們乾的很好，儘管有些艱苦。
There's two million of them and their economy is getting better and with all their advances in technology they're gonna bring down America!	中華人口有兩千萬的人，和他們的經濟一天比一天好，和他們的先進技術會將美國摧毀！
Caution the snow-drift (snow-banks) on the left hand side of the taxiway (runway).	滑行道跑道左手 邊的雪堆（雪堤）。
The U.S.-China Sustainable Buildings Partnership, implemented by ICF and supported by USAID, will provide additional technical, information dissemination, and outreach support to the initiative.	由 ICF國際公司實施並由美國國際開發暑(USAID)支持的美中可持續性建築夥伴關係(The U.S.-China Sustainable Buildings Partnership)將爲該倡議提供附加的技術、信息傳播以及外聯支持。
Yes, it was about the car auxiliary power plants, am I right?	當然，那是關於轎車輔助動力設備，是嗎？
LL: You are right, Li Hua. It is the opposite of a "dead" party.	如果我沒猜錯得話，Happening是dead的反義詞吧？
Rhein II is the largest of the six photographs, which are produced in various sizes.	萊茵河六幅系列攝影作品的尺寸各不相同，而這幅萊茵河II是其中最大的一幅。
Factory has more than 20 years experience in the production of rubber hose, very strong technical force.	本廠擁有20多年的生產橡膠管經驗，技術力量非常雄厚。
They cant change a light bulb or without making a sketch.	他們連燈泡都不會換，或者至少要先畫個草圖。
We can drop by the bar and go for a drink.	我們可以順便去酒吧喝一杯。
The ancient city of Suzhou doors are tied for land and water, but Xumen to prevent flooding, such as Taihu Lake City, Song and Yuan for a long time after the water gate.	蘇州古城門皆水陸並列，惟胥門爲防太湖洪水如城，宋元以後久無水門。
“Hardware, software and services revenue grew at double digits, and we achieved strong profit and free cash flow growth, ” said IBM CEO Samuel Palmisano.	“硬件、軟件和服務營收以兩位數增長，而且我們實現了強勁的利潤和自由現金流增長。” IBM首席執行官彭明盛表示。
Potassium Ferrate, which can be used in super iron battery, is prepared by hypochlorite oxidation method and an improved purification method with purity 94%.	採用次氯酸鹽氧化法及改進的提純方法制備了可用於超級鐵電池的高鐵酸鉀，其純度在94 %以上。
WHO reports annually on the proportion of the population using solid fuels for cooking as a key indicator for assessing progress in health and development.	世界衛生組織每年針對使用固體燃料進行烹飪的人口比例作出報告，以此作爲評估衛生與發展方面取得進展的一項主要指標。
The eloquent and ornate carving on a church pulpit was done by Indi-an hands.	在教堂講壇上面的裝飾華麗的雕刻品是出自於印第安人之作。
Timid by nature a mouse all day long to live in fear, especially the recent emergence of this region a powerful cat, but also its constant state of anxiety.	一隻老鼠天生膽小，整天生活在擔驚受怕中，特別是最近這片區域出現了一隻威猛的貓，更令它惶惶不可終日。
A breakfast room connects the family room to the dining/living room, with access to a back deck that steps down to a lawn.	一間早餐室將家庭娛樂室和餐廳/起居室連接了起來，早餐室通向一座屋後露臺，從露臺處拾級而下，可進入草坪。
Lung and skin involvement are frequent, whereas bone and cerebral and soft tissue involvements are rare.	肺部和皮膚感染比較常見，但骨骼、腦以及軟組織感染少見。
Talkback: Would you consider taking a job at a nonprofit?	反饋： 你是否會考慮在非營利性機構工作？
He says the U.N.-sponsored meeting in Bern must find solutions to a problem that is increasing poverty, hunger and instability in the world.	他說聯合國這次在伯爾尼的會議必須要找到應對全球加劇的貧窮、飢餓和動盪問題的解決方案。
The meetings were helpful. At the first meeting, "dark clouds bearing down on the city threatened to crush it", as the reactionary bourgeois line in journalism asserted itself.	會是開得好的，第一次黑雲任城城欲摧，擺出了反動的資產階級新聞路線。
This not only distroy the social justice and law, but also couldn't deter criminals.	這不僅有損社會公平，也有損法律威嚴，更不能起到震懾犯罪分子的作用。
Only Pierre de Coubertin, the "father" of the modern Olympics - and IOC chief from 1896 to 1925 - had held the post for a longer period.	只有皮埃爾德的“現代奧運之父”顧拜旦 - 與國際奧委會首席1896年至1925年 - 舉行了一個較長的時期。
Fourth, the types of Guardianship:It describes the freewill guardianship system and its enlightenment to the adult guardianship system of our country.	第四，監護類型的論述，講了意定監護制度和對我國監護類型的啓示；
The author discusses the cabin design modernization of cargo ship on its safety, comfort and environmental elegancy based on the cargo ships that he has took part in the design.	作者結合參與設計過的部分貨船，從艙室設計的安全性、舒適性、環境優美三個方面對貨船的艙室設計現代化進行探討，並對照國外先進經驗與我國的現況提出了看法。
Moscow has repeatedly intervened, mostly on the side of the Ossetians, to expand its empire and keep other imperial subjects in line.	而爲了擴大帝國範圍，控制帝國其他部分，莫斯科曾多次介入雙方爭執，大多數是站在奧塞梯這一邊。
There are significant differences in characters of castor stalk and its different parts. The xylem of the castor stalk is diffuse-porous wood and has medium-length good configuration fibres.	蓖麻稈各個不同部位的原料特性差異明顯，木質部爲散孔材，纖維形態較好、長度中等；
He has also set up East IP Law Firm and serves as its Chairman.	高博士還創辦了East IP 知識產權法律事務所，擔任事務所的 主席。
Jinan Viaduct is along a river , limited by the location circumstance, the routine construction method can't up to the investor's require on the cost and the time limit for the project.	濟南順河高架橋由於受地埋位置的侷限，按常規施工方案難以滿足業主在工期、成本等方面的要求。
Conclusion: interferon, thymosin and new nucleotide similitude are efficacious medicines.	胸腺肽及核苷酸類似物如拉米呋定、法昔洛韋等。
But disreputable , illiterate and ignorant though he was, Fegelein seems to have been possessed of a simon-pure instinct for survival.	菲格萊因雖然聲名狼藉，愚昧無知，但似乎仍具有貪圖活命的單純本能。
Usage:lighting fou theatre, TV and film as basic light, side light.	應用：大型舞臺的頂光，耳光和影視布光。
Both sites offer unique features for crafters and craft-lovers alike, so explore a potential site in detail, and talk with other sellers before deciding on a particular venue for your crafts.	能爲手工藝者和手工藝品愛好者提供獨特性能的站點都具有相似性，從細節上探討一個有潛力的網站，並且在決定爲你的手工藝品提供獨特價值前，還需要和其他的賣家進行探討。
The study indicates that Yulin gas field ascribes poor reservoir properties mainly to compaction and cementation.	研究表明，壓實作用和膠結作用是榆林氣田儲層物性較差的主要原因。
In front of her, late the gram of the an step the thunder Be some to dispiritedly look one eye that deal a combat a pummel, quite don't give up.	在她面前，遲了一步的克雷頓有些懊喪地看了一眼那柄戰錘，頗爲不捨。
Washington understands all this, and has called for broadening the TPP to include Japan. Clayton Yeutter, a former U.	華盛頓當然瞭解這一切，所以它要求拓寬TPP的範圍，把日本包括進來。
How much are the three Kodaks?	這三架柯達照相機要多少錢？
It did my heart good to hear about your promotion to Vice President of the agency.	得知你提升爲經銷處副總經理，我心裏特別高興。
The decisions are the latest in a string of legal victories for Cipla, India's largest generic drug maker.	該決定是cipla公司的一連串法律勝利的最新一個成果。
Objective To investigate the influence of physiological saline and human blood serum as the dilution medium on direct bilirubin detection with vanadate oxidation method.	目的探討生理鹽水與人血清做稀釋介質對釩酸鹽法測定直接膽紅素的結果影響。
The script could be improved by displaying the picks in a Keno-style board.	可以通過在基諾樣式板中顯示選擇結果來改進腳本。
Sword Story is regarded as a typical drama about loyalty and betrayal while its contribution to the current-event drama has been largely ignored.	《寶劍記》以其鮮明的忠奸立場被世人譽爲忠奸劇的典型代表，而它在時事劇方面所作出的貢獻卻尚未引起人們足夠的重視。
September 17, 2011Recent U. S. Census Bureau figures show that more than 46 million Americans now live in poverty.	2011年9月17日，最近美國人口普查局的數字顯示，現在超過46萬美國人生活在貧困中。
Only in this case, the mason jar becomes an idea jar, a place to store all your flashes of insight, potential projects, and half-baked schemes.	只有在這種情況下，石匠罐變成一個智慧囊，一個用來存儲你所有閃爍的洞察力、有潛力的項目、和半生不熟的計劃的地方。
Some useful conclusions are drawn from the experimental results in a liquid-gas two-phase flow pipes.	文中列舉了速度分離的兩種典型形式，並給出了氣液兩相流管道中的試驗結果。
Before 2006, we established business relationship all over the world, which attracted many international famous designers' eyes and brought our hand-painting furniture to every corner of the world.	2006年之前我們和全世界做生意， 吸引了大批的國際頂尖設計師爲我們鋪路設橋。把歐美風格的彩繪傢俱移居到世界的每個角落。
It included in it thousands of brackets.	裏面有上千個託座。
We are not told how long it took to get the priests and the representatives of the people together.	經文沒有告訴我們，要用多少時間才能召齊巴力先知和百姓的代表到山上。
I take care of my new T-shirt as a matter of course.	我很小心我的新T恤，這是很自然的事。
There are many disadvantages for traditional approaches to inspect the blade forging, such as longer consuming time, lower inspection precision and inconvenient inspection.	傳統的葉片鍛件檢測方法，對於葉片鍛件的檢測存在檢測時間長、檢測精度不高、檢測不方便等不足之處。
The more attractive a bit is played by male, medlar, so amazing that westerners function of the British businessman will simply smart lycium called "fruit viagra".	更吸引人的一點是，枸杞所起到的壯陽功能令西方人喜出望外，於是精明的英國商家索性將枸杞稱爲「水果偉哥」。
By the time the 16th had arrived Hurstwood's friends had rallied like Romans to a senator's call.	到了16日這天，赫斯渥的朋友們紛紛去捧場，就好像羅馬人聽到了他們元老的召喚一樣。
Impelled by Hume's practice, Kant gives a more deeply thinking on the basis of religion.	這一做法促使康德本人對宗教哲學根基問題進行更深入的思考。
The antagonism of moralities is an important factor to influence world harmony.	道德的對立是影響世界和諧的重要因素。
We have a long way to go, but I believe the surge has worked on all fronts.	我們還有很長的路要走，不過我相信，增兵計劃在各方面都發揮了作用。
Often overlooked in such sites, however, is the humble HTML form that has undergone a big transformation with the popularization of Ajax technology.	但是人們常常忽略的是，在這些網站上那些粗糙的 HTML 表格正隨着 Ajax 技術的普及經歷一場重大的變革。
Like his poetic creation, Yuan Haowen's success in Ci creation was due to his respect for and modeling after Du Fu.	與其詩歌創作一樣，遺山的詞創作始終貫穿着對唐代大詩人杜甫的尊崇和追摹。
The hybrid genetic algorithms are employed to get the better optimization control law, and the problem of limited torque is solved by individual representation operation.	爲了獲得最優擺起控制序列，採用混合遺傳算法進行優化計算，通過編碼操作解決控制力矩受限問題。
American popular music changed forever fifty years ago when Berry Gordy, Junior started a record company in Detroit, Michigan.	美國流行音樂永遠改變五十年前，當貝利戈頓，初中開始了唱片公司在密歇根州底特律。
Twelve months' non-stop football is doing me well. I feel that I am still growing in form.	這是我這幾年來第一次有這樣的感受。
Hypodermiasis in bovine mainly prevails in Xinlinguoler League, Hulunbeier League, Tongliao City and so on in the middle and the east part of Inner Mongolia.	內蒙古自治區牛皮蠅蛆病主要分佈於中、東部的錫盟、呼盟、通遼市等地區。
Sir Alex will face a serious selection dilemma should Jonny Evans be ruled out of United's Champions League clash with Inter Milan on Tuesday.	喬尼。埃文斯很可能不能參加週二和國米的冠軍盃比賽，這讓弗格森爵士在選擇後衛的問題上捉襟見肘。
Traffic sign is a kind of road safety appurtenances . Rational layout of the sign is beneficial to mad safety.	交通標誌是交通安全設施的一種，合理地設置標誌有利於交通安全。
The filter settlement tank to be built at end of ditch. The construction water and storm water is discharged to the creek in chemical industrial zone after settlement.	排水溝末端設置一個濾水沉澱池，現場施工用水及雨水經沉澱池沉澱過濾後排入化工區河浜內。
Social intermediary, there is more kind , appellations are different, the aims , activity shapes differ, it is difficult to define , but belong to and contain the organization by oneself.	社會中介組織，種類較多、稱謂有別，宗旨、活動形態不一，界定也不易，但都屬自律組織。
Deals for approval by admin.	交易由管理員批准。
and spent about two and a half years working with our brands	於是我在公司品牌方面花了兩年半的時間，
Um, not so good.	嗯，這並不太妙。
By 1960, the American legal scholar William Prosser had identified four distinct privacy torts	美國法學家威廉‧普羅瑟（William Prosser）在1960年歸納出四種不同形式的隱私侵權
Thyon volcanic rocks are classified as alkali basalts, with pyroxene megacrysts, and deep-seated mantle xenoliths such as augite and peridotite have been observed in some basaltic layers.	火山岩主要爲鹼性玄武岩，部分玄武岩中可見橄欖岩類等深源岩石包體和普通輝石等礦物巨晶。
That Pulitzer eluding you? Apply here. and here and here, etc.	普利策認爲，規避你呢？適用於這裏。在這裏，並在這裏，等。
Secondly, the article recites the treatment process of the signals and data, and the operation principles of experiment tester loading parts.	接着，文章依據系統的組成，較詳細敘述了系統對信號及數據的處理過程，並對試驗機的加載機構的工作原理作了說明。
She handed the girl a five dollar bill and waited for her change and the wrapped box with the stockings.	她遞給售貨員一張五美元的鈔票，靜心等待找零和裝好襪子的包裝盒。
A drug that opposes the excitatory effects of norepinephrine released from sympathetic nerve endings at alpha receptors and that causes vasodilation and a decrease in blood pressure.	阿爾法神經阻斷劑一種藥物，可以抵制交感神經末梢在阿爾法受體釋放出的正腎上腺素的興奮性效果，並引起血管。
To celebrate this short holiday, my uncle decided to take us to Yangmei ancient town to have a visit.	爲了慶祝這個短暫的假期，我叔叔決定帶我們去參觀楊梅古鎮。
So it's not just, you can swing by 11:04 and grab a copy and go off and catch some more sleep.	對麼？所以你不能打醬油到11：,抓一份筆記拷貝然後離開睡個回籠覺。
Amin al Haq was freed several weeks ago because Pakistani officials could not prove his ties to al-Qaida and because he is not in good health.	阿明·哈克博士由於巴基斯坦無法提供他與基地組織有聯繫的證明，以及其自身健康狀況較差，已於幾周之前被釋放。
The Pantheon is the greatest and the best-preserved Roman temple, which was built in 27 B. C. , and reconstructed in the 2nd century A. D.	建立於公元前27年並於公元2世紀重建的羅馬萬神殿是最偉大、保存最好的羅馬神殿。
This author analyzed the mental and physical effects of two breath ways of oxygen compression chamber and air compression chamber on 60 patients with craniocerebral injury in convalescence period.	報道60例顱腦損傷康復期病人行單人純氧艙和空氣加壓艙兩種不同的吸氧方法對其生理、心理的影響，總結選擇適合病人的吸氧方法和護理操作體會。
The difference between movies and TV is in TV you are moving at a much quicker pace, with anywhere between 6-10 script pages a day.	拍電影和拍電視劇的分別在於，拍電視劇的流程會更加迅速、步伐更快，一天可以有6至10頁的劇本。
Bezier Line in the Scene View.	在場景視圖的貝塞爾曲線。
The invention relates to household waste incinerated fly ash for a discoloring material of industrial dye wastewater, which belongs to the environmental engineering technical application field.	本發明係一種生活垃圾焚燒飛灰用作工業染料廢水的脫色材料，屬環境工程技術 應用領域。
Entire malls will become ghost towns.	所有的大型商場都將變得門可羅雀。
Learn how to draw a cartoon jock outfit in this free cartoon drawing video lesson featuring a professional cartoon artist.	瞭解如何在這個自由繪製圖紙視頻課程設有一個專業的卡通漫畫的卡通畫家約克裝備。
Since so many magazine professionals walked through the station daily, Newsstand Shuffle became a very lively game.	既然每日有這麼多的專業雜誌穿梭在這個區域，書報亭洗牌成爲一個非常活躍的遊戲。
In what feels almost like a mini-MBA programme, we sit through presentations on search engine optimisation (SEO), burnishing one's online reputation and marketing.	在這樣一種類似小型MBA項目中，我們坐在那裏聽各種有關搜索引擎優化，提高個人在線聲譽和市場營銷的演講。
Mobile operators have a hope for number portability between different brands of services such as prepaid service and GoTone service both provided by China Mobile.	移動運營商希望能夠實現不同業務品牌的用戶帶號互轉，以滿足用戶在不同情況下的需求。
Sam, you may now kiss my daughter-in-law.	山姆，現在你可以親吻我的兒媳婦了！
We practice 40-day meditations to embody new experiences or increased capacities.	我們實踐40天冥想， 去包容了新的體驗。
Appreciation of sculpture depends upon the ability to respond to form in three dimension.	對雕塑的鑑賞力取決於對立體的反應能力。
When occupy and acquire clearness behind, three Jin woods five Langs finally open breadth of view and face the whole facts, is full of the countenance of hope to return to his face once again up.	當所有事情獲得澄清之後，三津木五郎終於敞開胸懷，面對一切事實，充滿希望的神采再度回到他的臉上。
A lot of surveys on the European youth's value orientation and French youth's participation in the national election have not shown any apolitical trend for the European youth.	對歐洲青年價值現、法國青年參與國家選舉情況的大量調查，沒有發現任何青年“非政治化”的傾向。
Bankers now average an hour and a half at table in a sushi restaurant in the swanky Lomas de Chapultepec district and rarely drink more than a glass of sake, the manager says.	在位於時髦的洛馬斯德查普德派克區的壽司餐廳，銀行家們平均用餐時間是一個半小時，而且極少飲超過一杯的日本清酒，餐廳經理如是說。
Mike Dunleavy: And I want you to stay. Of course, I'd like to stay too.	鄧利維：我也想說的是我也想留在原來的球隊啊。
Here, Daddy gave one solid reason, and then stuck to it. Then he used fewer and fewer words until the kid complied.	在上段對話中，這位爸爸先給出了一個堅實的理由，然後一直堅持，並且，話越說越簡潔，直到孩子順從。
The Baroque Music succeed all the advanced viewpoint and excellence progeny of the Renaissance Music Art, and it occupied a significant historical status in the whole human music history.	巴洛克音樂傳承了文藝復興時期音樂藝術的先進理念和優秀成果，在整個人類音樂史中佔有重要的歷史地位。
Everything you have ever known Kratos, will now suffer because of your sacrilege .	你要知道你現在所遭受的一切是來自於你的褻瀆。
This means that security in the messaging layer must now support many more individual users and do so with a per-user granularity.	這意味着消息傳遞層中的安全性現在必須支持多得多的獨立用戶並細化到每個用戶的粒度水平。
You have to understand that people have their own perceptions of the world , distinct from yours.	你必須暸解別人有他自己的世界，他自己的觀點，跟你是不一樣的。
To receive high frequencies, which can boost the data rate, submarines have to surface and risk detection.	要接收高頻信息，只有提高傳輸速率，但這樣潛艇很容易被探測到。
At the end of the paper, it is discussed how to mend, enrich and extrude the aesthetical values of garden sight by applying enjoyable insects.	並對如何進一步能動地利用觀賞昆蟲去豐富、補綴、顯豁園林的美學價進行了探討。
这是一次重要的访问，除杨洁篪部长将同他举行会谈之外，中国的领导人也将会见柳部长。	It is a visit of significance. Besides Foreign Minister Yang Jiechi's talks with him, Chinese leaders will also meet with Foreign Minister Yu.
These functions limit some macromolecular drugs with potentially therapeutic effects of brain diseases to cross BBB and therefore affect the drug's curative effects.	但是這一功能卻阻止了具有潛在治療作用的大分子藥物通過血腦屏障，降低了藥物的療效。
The mitochondrium always has several branches, and the kinetoplast is one of the component parts of the mitochondrium, so that we recommended to call them mitochondrium-kinetoplast complex.	動基體就包含在線粒體內的前部，成爲線粒體的一重要組成部分，因此我們把它們稱爲線粒體-動基體複合體。
In North Carolina, for instance, registered Democrats have cast 55% of early ballots, compared to 28% for the Republicans and 17% with no party affiliation, according to McDonald's analysis.	例如，根據麥克唐納的分析，在北卡羅來納州，先期選舉中有55%的民主黨的登記選民，而相比之下，共和黨只有28%，獨立參選人士則有17%。
The Illustrations of Moxibustion, a remained book in Dunhuang Caves, is now available the earliest monograph of moxibustion methods since having writing in our country.	敦煌遺書《灸經圖》是我國有文字記載以來現存最早的灸法專著。
Can ferrets get fleas?	雪貂會不會生跳蚤？
We were looking at Dirk for a long time and I'm pleased we have signed him because he will be a good player for us.	我們關注德克有很長一段時間了。我很高興我們簽下了他，因爲他將成爲我們的一個好球員。
P-E fit has been associated with a host of consequence, including job satisfaction, organizational commitment, work-related adjustment, and academic achievement.	人與環境匹配與很多結果相關，包括工作滿意度、組織承諾、調整工作以及學術成就等。
Thus far, the Arabian horse show arena of the twenty-first century belongs to Magnum Psyche.	到目前爲止，阿拉伯馬二十一世紀的展示舞臺屬於萬能琪。
Cheri: I came back because…I couldn't go on without you.	謝利：我之所以回來是因爲……沒有你我活不下去。
The first of these -- to send a request in XML -- requires you to format your request as XML, either using an API to do so or just stringing together the text, and then sending the result to a server.	其中第一種用法，即用 XML 發送請求，需要將請求的格式設置爲 XML，可以使用 API 來完成，也可以與文本連成字符串，然後將結果發送到服務器。
We're just gonna plot the quickest route to Gibsonton. That is the original plan?	我們只是要找出去吉布森頓最快的路線那是原始計劃嗎？
Finance and Administration includes various departments such as …	財務與行政部包括許多不同的部門。
LL: He promised during the debate that if he was reelected he would not raise taxes.	他說當選後不會提高稅收？ 他實在不應當作出這個承諾。
The method of ontology merging based on FCA can overcome the drawbacks of the traditional ontology merging methods.	結論基於FCA的本體合併方法克服了傳統本體合併方法的缺點。
He wanted his 2 million slaves back working for him, so he got his chariot ready, rounded up his army, and off they went in a cloud of dust to overtake the Hebrews.	他想讓這二百萬奴隸繼續服侍他們。 於是法老就預備他的車輛，帶領軍兵同去，他們趕緊追趕以色列人，把地上的塵土捲起來就象天上的雲一樣。
Senseo is a top seller in the American market and a rival to other single-serve coffees in the United States, like Green Mountain.	Senseo咖啡機在美國市場賣得最好，同時它也是美國其他單一咖啡產品商，比如，Green Moutain的競爭對手。
There are at least 9large active faults in Kuerle, which is animportant town in south in south part of Xinjiang, and its adjacent area.	新疆南疆重鎮庫爾勒市及附近地區，至少分佈着9條頗具規模的活動斷裂。
In this paper, ortho nitrobenzaldehyde is prepared with indirect oxo- process for o nitrotoluene.	以鄰硝基甲苯爲原料，採用間接氧化法制備鄰硝基苯甲醛。
We need a way to create an exact image of the lab servers (node1 and node2) that can easily be copied to a medium for dissimilar hardware installations.	我們需要一種方法來創建一個實驗室的服務器（節點1和節點2），可以很容易被複制到一個不同的硬件設備中精確的圖像。
In fact, Mary Kay often shared her priorities of "God first, family second, career third."	事實上，玫琳凱艾施女士經常分享她的生活優先順序- “信仰第一、家庭第二、事業第三”。
It is a thick, often spicy soup made with okra (=a type of vegetable with long green seed cases), tomatoes, vegetables, and usually fish, but sometimes meat.	湯稠和辛辣，一般用秋葵（一種有長長的綠色豆莢的蔬菜），西紅柿、蔬菜和魚做成，有時候也用肉做。
Conclusion The combination of massage and cupping therapy in the treatment of cervical vertebrae posterior articular disturbance is simple and easy, and has an obvious e effective.	結論綜合推拿手法配合火罐療法治療頸椎後關節紊亂操作簡便，療效顯著。
Based on the 1949-2006 Tropical Cyclone Yearbooks and the new tropical cyclone (TC) grade standards, a climatological analysis of landfalling TC over China is carried out.	利用1949～2006年熱帶氣旋（TC）年鑑資料，根據2006年新制定的TC等級標準，分析了登陸我國TC的氣候特徵。
As a new subject, Knowledge-management Support of Organizational Decision-making that emerges in face of the knowledge economy today is very useful for all organizations.	組織決策的知識管理支持作爲一門新學科，在知識經濟的今天，對任何組織都是十分有益的。
The screen capture shows on the right an example of a task presentation.	截圖的右面顯示了一個任務表示的示例。
The Reapers' mines are definitely multi-purpose.	收割者的雷肯定是多用途的。
Thus, HRD is about the development of people within organizations.	因此， HRD 與組織內的人的發展有關。
Gemini surfactant is a new type of surfactant, with molecules made up of two amphiphilic moieties covalently connected at the level of the head group by a spacer.	雙子表面活性劑是一類新型的表面活性劑，其分子由化學鍵通過聯接基團將兩個單鏈表面活性劑的離子頭聯接構成。
In order to be eligible for a staff extension of expiration date, the renewal application, fees and review deposit must be received at least three months before the expiration date.	爲了延長證書有效期，必須至少在證書失效前三個月收到換證申請、費用及審查費用。
With Vicksburg in Union hands, the North could control the whole length of the river. And the confederacy was split badly.	隨着維克斯堡在北方手裏，北方就能夠控制整條密西西比河，而且將南方邦聯各州之間的聯繫也切斷了。
Changsha's First Eco-Gardening Festival is due to be held in mid-September in Changsha Landscape Ecological Garden.	長沙首屆園林生態節將於本月中旬起在長沙園林生態園舉行。
International Circulation : Professor Yan, the European guidelines on Hypertension have had and influence on the prevention and treatment of hypertension in China;	《國際循環》： 嚴教授，歐洲高血壓指南影響着中國的高血壓預防和治療；
A year ago, I wrote to Gordon Brown asking him to place a moratorium on new coal-fired power plants in Britain. I have asked the same of Angela Merkel, Barack Obama, Kevin Rudd and other leaders.	一年前，我給戈登·布朗寫信，要求他叫停英國新建的火力發電廠項目，默克爾、奧巴馬、凱文·路德和其他領導人也收到了我相同的請求。
Set stringent quality, the arts, even though significant grade do Veronika Masterpiece.	集嚴謹﹑品質﹑藝術於一身，顯盡純美巔峯之品位。
Those who deride it for its lack of concrete demands simply don't understand its strategic function.	有些人嘲笑佔領運動提不出具體的要求，其實他們不懂其中的策略所在。
To maintain the res judicata and the stability of procedure, we should restrict the subject to apply a retrial among the person not involved in the case.	爲實現對程序安定與既判力的維護，對案外人申請再審的主體適格性應適度從嚴。
The absolute path includes all information required to locate a file or directory on a system.	絕對路徑包括要在系統上找出檔案或目錄所需要的所有資訊。
Happy is a bird, it found only in fulfillment of the tree.	快樂的是一隻鳥，它只棲息在花繁葉茂的樹上。
It's not going to happen overnight.	它一夕之間不在發生。
Scaling of washing circulation water pipes for blast-furnace gas is presented. Decision, design, implementation and effect of the plan for scaling re- moving with acid cleaning are described.	本文介紹了高爐煤氣洗滌循環水管道結垢情況，採用酸洗除垢方案的確定、設計、實施過程及效果。
Yang Lei's mother supported her daughter's decision.	楊雷的媽媽支持她女兒的選擇。
Wanggui Fu said that in the animation industry such impetuous attitude is not uncommon, and this is also a test of high-quality original animation made public expectations and patience.	王桂福說，在 動漫界這種浮躁心態並不少見，而這也在考驗着公衆對國產優質 原創動漫的期待和耐心。
Conclusion The anxiety level in CCU patients was obviously higher than normal people; different genders and marriage situations had significant differences in patients' anxiety score.	結論CCU患者的焦慮水平顯著高於正常人，不同性別、婚姻狀況的對患者焦慮有顯著影響；
Instructions cover approaches to dealing with side branching, how to alter the line of the trunk, and how to sculpt pine trees, azaleas, conifers, broad-leaved evergreens, and deciduous trees.	說明包括處理與側分支的方法，如何改變幹線，以及如何塑造松樹，杜鵑花，針葉林，闊葉常綠樹，落葉樹。
The Grain Budding shows that crops that will ripen in summer start to show plump seeds.	小滿表示在夏季成熟的農作物籽粒開始飽滿了。
Only one man in front of a wide free-kick, so there was no-one to close down Queudrue;	遠距離任意球前只有一個防守隊員，所以奎魯爾附近沒有一個人；
The Mesozoic and Cenozoic plutonic intrusive rocks are grouped into the Lhagoi Kangri and Gangdise granite zones.	將中新生代深成侵入岩劃分爲拉軌崗日花崗岩帶和岡底斯花崗岩帶兩個岩漿帶；
So why do we do something where the cons (stress, frustration, family conflict, loss of time for other activities, a possible diminution of interest in learning) so clearly outweigh the pros?	爲什麼我們要做一件這樣的“弊”（壓力、失望、家庭衝突、佔用其他活動時間、減少學習興趣的風險）遠遠大於“利”的事情呢？
The direction of light reflected from an object depends on its alignment.	光線的方向會根據對象的位置發生反射。
Fourth, solve problems through consultation on an equal footing, instead of imposing restriction at will.	通過平等協商解決問題，不要動輒設限和制裁。
By adopting the structure provided by the utility model, noise generated in the air out-blowing is reduced, no greater wind sound is generated and the air blown out is uniform and soft.	採用這 樣的結構，減小了出風時的噪音，無較大的風聲，且使出風量均勻柔 和。
The current Illinois Fish Consumption Advisories are directed towards fish found to have higher levels of mercury, (PCBs) polychlorinated biphenyls and chlordane .	目前的《伊利諾依魚類食用警報》針對水銀，多氯聯苯和氯丹含量較高的那些魚類。
The dollar fell as low as 76.54 against the yen in late trading Wednesday, dipping under the previous all-time low of 79.75 set in April 1995.	在上個交易日星期三，美元跌至76.54日元，降到1995年4月的79.75以下。
The influence that had passed into Clare like an excitation from the sky did not die down.	克萊爾心中出現的那種好像從天而降的激動情緒，還沒有消失。
The serum level of D-lactic acid was significantly higher in group A than in group F and C (P<0.01).	F組胃腸道食物殘渣分佈與C組比較無統計學意義，D乳酸水平顯著低於A組（P<0.01）。
The marker gies scientists the first-eer opportunity to distinguish between energy-producing structures, called mitochondria, in neurons, from mitochondria in other brain cells, called glia.	該標記物使科學家們迄今爲止首次對神經元和神經膠質細胞中的“能量工廠”—線粒體進行了區分。
Al Gore is training young people around the world to sit still and not text for minutes at a time.	美國前副總統戈爾的“慢活訓練”是讓年輕人學會靜坐，改變隨時隨地掏手機發短信的毛病；
In a sentence , participles can also be used as objective complements.	在一個句子中分詞也可以作賓補。
Showering your body with loving thoughts is the best diet you can go on.	好好地愛你自己的身體就是你能走下去的最好的食譜。
Are you crazy? I gave you a hundred-dollar bill to buy a pack of gum!	你神經啊？我給了你一百美金去買一包口香糖啊！
They found that the higher their level of social interaction, the better their cognitive functioning.	他們發現，社會交往越多的人認知表現越好。
The Vinaya also stipulates that pandakas are not allowed to be ordained, and if, inadvertently, one has been, he is expelled.	毗尼律也規定他們是不能入教的，如果他已經是佛門弟子了，那就理應被驅逐。
To begin a cross stitch; bring your threaded needle up through the backside of your fabric, leaving a short tail of floss out the back.	要開始十 字 繡，使你通過你的線程結構背面針了，留下了回絨毛短尾巴。
Near anthesis, synergids formed filiform apparatus in which abundant calcium precipitates accumulated to prepare for attracting pollen tubes entering.	開花當天助細胞珠孔端的絲狀器中聚集了大量的鈣顆粒。
For years, the government has been buoying up cotton prices.	多年來政府一直保持棉花高價格。
Is this image fresh enough to have an effect?	這個形象的新鮮度夠不夠產生效果？
"The Nature of Portraiture", Central Academy of Fine Arts Gallery, Beijing, China;	參加“肖像性質”，北京中央美院畫廊，北京，中國；
In this work, pitch-based activated carbon fibers (PACF) were prepared from pitch-based carbon fiber (PCF) through oxidation, carbonization and activation.	本課題以瀝青基炭纖維爲原料製備分子篩型瀝青基活性炭纖維。
The trip is scheduled for a few days after the junta’s four-monthly meeting.	溫總理訪緬之行預計是在軍政府此次例行會議幾天後進行。
Analysts noted Friday's pull-back having had come after a strong run, but some said the market was now looking expensive.	分析師指,股市週五在近期大漲後回落.但部分分析師則稱,市場目前價格過高.
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev on Tuesday called for intensified efforts to establish a research and development center similar to the Silicon Valley in the United States.	俄羅斯總統德米特里梅德韋傑夫在星期二呼籲加強努力，建立類似於美國硅谷的研發中心。
However, because of the strict limit of the cultivated season, the period of supply of the fresh scape and bulb of garlic is extremely limited.	然而，由於受栽培季節的嚴格限制，新鮮蒜薹和蒜頭的供應期非常有限。
Few people were custom to making inquiries of their souls from very earlier due to it is more difficult to inspect one's own heart than write a resume.	人們早已不再叩問自己的心靈了，相比寫一份求職簡歷來說，審視自己的內心更加困難。
Polarization dependence of the enhancement and suppression of four-wave mixing (FWM) in a multi-Zeeman level atomic system is investigated both theoretically and experimentally.	本文從理論和實驗上研究了多塞曼能級原子系統中偏振對四波混頻抑制增強的影響。
In addition, I want to express my sincere thanks for your attention.	另外，真誠地感謝您的關注。 十二 證明信 證明信包括下列幾項。
The chapter 3 introduces the erection technique of CFST arch bridge.	第3章介紹了鋼管混凝土拱橋的主要成橋施工技術；
Secretary for Constitutional Affairs Mr Michael Suen (left) and Chairman of the Electoral Affairs Commission Mr Justice Woo Kwok-hing join one of the promotional activities.	政制事務局局長孫明揚（左）及選舉管理委員會主席胡國興法官參加選舉宣傳活動。
Paul Ohm, a law professor at University of Colorado Law School, who has read the paper, said the research showed how easy it was to ‘re-identify’ people.	Paul Ohm是科羅拉多大學法學院的法律教授，他看了這篇論文之後表示，這項研究揭示了去“再識別”一個人是多麼的容易。
The stand cloth, bedspread, pillowcase, blind, and lamp…etc. all want cooperativeness on the pattern style, hue.	檯布、牀罩、枕套、窗簾、燈具等在圖案風格、色彩上都要協調。
Thinking structure in childhood in the development of the critical period.	思維結構在兒童期處於發生發展的關鍵期。
We are interested to buy such material from you. Please show your interests in-order to develop a new business relationship to each other.	我們非常希望能在你處購得此種材料，並儘早展開我們的商業合作。
This thesis based on the advance research of the second term of The National 985 Program, the aim was to completely solve the problems which the software network management can't avoid.	本項目是國家985計劃二期的預研項目，目的是徹底解決完全基於軟件管理所不可避免的問題，提出了基於硬件的網絡管理來支持維護系統的網絡安全的研究方案。
In the olden days, it was said that the warrior Queen Boadicea of Norfolk, East Britain, brought a hare with her to ensure luck in battle against the Roman Empire who had invaded her kingdom.	據說，很久以前，來自英國東部諾福克的勇士博阿迪西亞女王在與入侵其王國的羅馬帝國軍隊打仗時，就隨身帶着一隻野兔來確保逢戰必勝。
Much of the main work of organizing a presentation of ACL relationships goes on in these inner classes.	組織 ACL 關係的表示形式的主要工作大部分都是在這些內部類中進行的。
An unequal error control(UEC)scheme is proposed to provide unequal error protection for different layers of JPEG2000 encoded multilayer bit streams.	提出一種不等級別差錯控制（UEC）方案，以實現對JPEG2000圖像編碼碼流中不同質量層的不等級別差錯保護。
When it boils, we addÂ there dill stalks…	當水沸開了，我們加入蒔蘿杆……
She is a true Buddhist, and practiced Buddhism in her everyday life. By generosity and loving-kindness , she only thought about others , she wished and tried to bring happiness without discrimination.	梅姐是個真正的佛教徒，她把佛教教義實淺在每日的生活中。她的慷慨，慈善，愛心，領她希望，及忘我的盡力把歡樂帶給普羅大衆。
You know, this plant has no blossom; but it is sweetness all over,-full of fragrance from head to foot, with the scent of a flower in every leaf.	她可以說沒有花，但是全身又都是花，從頭到腳都有香氣，連每一起葉子上都有花香。
Democracy may be strong, but standards of governance have suffered from political infighting, corruption and indecision.	民主可能強大，但治理標準遭受政治混戰、腐敗和優柔寡斷之苦。
The king’s son, Prince Maha Vajiralongkorn (fifty-seven years old) is the natural heir.	國王的兒子，瑪哈.瓦集拉隆功王儲（五十七歲）是天然繼承人。
It sounds like the crying of a baby.	聽起來像小孩的哭泣聲。
If you look in your book there's a whole table of different solutions to the Schrodinger equation for several different wave functions.	如果你們看書的話,上面有一整張,許多，不同波函數,薛定諤方程解的表。
Therefore, the ZL108 alloy modified with P is easier to appear porosity defects than with Na at the same permanent mould and process condition.	所以，同一鑄型及工藝的條件下，磷變質ZL108合金比鈉變質ZL108合金更容易出現縮鬆缺陷。
It is your responsibility to ensure the client sends the format that the server expects and vice-versa.	由您負責確保客戶端發送的是服務器所期望的格式，反之亦然。
Even if data is input and output as 8- or 16-bit quantities, it is worth considering processing them as 32-bit quantities.	即使數據以8位或16位的形式輸入或輸出，把他們當作32位來處理仍是有意義的。
Scientists have detected the insecticide in a significant number of streams draining the great corn belt of the American mid-West.	科學家們在美國中西部玉米種植帶的很多排水系統中都檢測到這種殺蟲劑。
During the trip, she catches a glimpse of hope that her son can be helped to a larger degree than previously assumed.	在此期間，她看到了一線希望，她的兒子能得到比以前估計到的更大的程度上的幫助。
Research is underway to provide warnings to drivers of potential critical situations, such as traffic violations or crashes.	目前正在進行研究向司機警告可能出現的危急情況，例如交通違規或撞車事件。
Animals that hibernate include bats, ground squirrels and other rodents, mouse lemurs, the European Hedgehog and other insectivores, monotremes, and marsupials.	冬眠動物包括蝙蝠、地面松鼠和其它齧齒類動物、鼠狐猴、歐洲刺蝟和其它食蟲動物、單孔類動物和有袋動物。
The 2006 Shiraz was aged in 35% new American oak.	2006年的設拉子是年齡在35 ％新的美國橡樹。
This will launch the NDK build scripts, which will automatically probe your development system and application project file to determine what to build.	這將啓動NDK構建腳本，它將自動地探測你的開發系統和應用程序工程文件以決定構建什麼東西。
The lines can include transformations and other sexiness.	這些線可以包括轉換以及其它吸引眼球的東西。
So this means we would have another (90-degree) square running inside the (180-degree) Solstice squares beginning on August 5 th and ending November 5 th .	因此， 這意味着我們將有另一（90度）內的（180度方運行）冬至廣場於8月5 日開始和結束的11月5 日。
Perhaps the most famous science illustrator of the 20th century, Bonestell’s works portrayed a heroic new age of space exploration without resorting to wild exaggeration – or stunning space damsels.	博尼斯泰爾大概是二十世紀最著名的科學插畫家了，他的作品描繪出了一個嶄新的英雄時代，他畫筆中的太空探險毫無粗野誇張之感，也沒有那些惹人眼球的太空美人。
But Rob Kaplan, former vice chairman of Goldman Sachs and now a professor of management practice at Harvard Business School, disagrees with the concept.	但是，高盛集團的前副主席，現在在在哈佛商學院的教授管理實踐的羅伯·卡普蘭，卻不同意這樣的觀點。
These arenormally sedate affairs where empty chairs outnumber the audience.	一般來說，空椅子比聽衆多是讀書會上很平常的事。
Susan:He pampers her. She twists her father around her little finger.	蘇珊：他把她寵上天了。她老爸事事順著她，任她擺佈。
We can measure half a period.	我們可以測量半週期。
Surely, the tea party idea has been "hijacked" by Fox News, Beck and Palin?	當然，茶黨理念被福克斯新聞所“綁架”，貝克還是佩林？
About 300, 000 people a year in the United States receive regular kidney dialysis, which removes and filters a patient's blood before returning it.	在美國，每年大約有300,000人經常性接受腎透析，即抽取病人血液後過濾掉廢物再反輸回體內。
The first use of cemented fragmental rock filling in China was conducted atTongkeng tin mine operated by Dachang Mine Bureau.	大廠銅坑錫礦在國內率先使用塊石砂漿膠結充填法。
"She's around back, " Sawyer piped up. Simon opened his mouth to apologize, but Mr. Martinez was off, a new mirror under his arm.	“她在後院。”索耶尖聲回答道。西蒙張開嘴想道歉，但是馬丁內斯先生胳膊下夾着一面新鏡子已經走了。
Thank you do not know is who lives in the Tongzhou pseudo-intellectuals, or against the spirit of pseudo-intellectuals know?	不知道是應該謝謝家住通州的僞知識份子，還是從精神上打擊僞知份子?。
The characteristic of FPSO inspection and the principle of risk based inspection are introduced.	介紹了FPSO檢測的特點和基於風險檢測的基本原則。
Therefore, the dissertation concentrates on the research of localization in WSNs.	因此，本論文圍繞無線傳感器網絡定位技術展開研究。
All of you, whether flying high or low, east or west, just come into my net!	無論是飛得高的還是低的，向東還是向西的，所有的鳥兒都飛到我的網裏來吧！
"A billion dollar oil rig is scrap metal and at least 12 people have lost their lives, " says LSU's Overton.	“十億美元的鑽井變成金屬碎片，至少12人失去生命，”路易斯安娜大學的奧弗頓說。
STEW: You know those poor Yankees actually want a war?	斯圖：你知道嗎? 北方的那些窮鬼真的想打仗！
A vessel of less than 20 metres in length or a sailing vessel shall not impede the safe passage of a power-driven vessel following a traffic lane.	帆船或長度小於20 米的船舶，不應妨礙按通航分道行駛的機動船的安全通行。
But I learned something every time I prepared for an exam, and to me, that's one of the best things about certification.	但我每次爲考試做準備時都會學到一些東西，而且對於我來講，這是關於認證的最大收穫之一。
Intended users: Derby database casual users -- provides database capabilities only.	面向的用戶： Derby 數據庫臨時用戶 —— 僅提供數據庫功能。
Role-based authorization provides access to resources based on the fact that the user is a member of some class of users.	基於角色的授權基於用戶是某類用戶的成員這一事實提供對資源的訪問。
I saw a plant growing out of a crevice in the wall.	我看到牆縫裏長出一棵草來。
This Christmas I'll try to be good No mistletoe make-outs This time I promise…	今年的聖誕節我會好沒有槲寄生使奏這個時候，我承諾…
There has also been a surprise drop in the fees charged by smelters and refiners to process dry feedstock, or copper concentrate as it is known, into anodes and eventually cathodes.	冶煉商和精煉商將幹原料（即銅精礦）加工爲陽極銅、以及最終加工爲陰極銅收取的費用也令人意外地出現了下降。
This XML is transmitted between client and server using HTTP as the transport protocol, with strong data typing used to guarantee data integrity.	這個 XML 通過 HTTP 傳輸協議在客戶端和服務器之間進行傳輸，它具有強數據類型，可以保證數據完整性。
A means of transport, such as a train, that travels rapidly and makes few or no stops before its destination.	直達車，快車：一種運輸工具（如火車），其運行迅速且在到達終點前很少停車或不停車。
Deliver me from the workers of iniquity, and save me from bloody men.	求你救我脫離作孽的人，和喜愛流人血的人。
It has peculiar character comparing with other interferometers.	與其它干涉儀相比，具有獨特的優點。
Teacher is a key factor in actualizing education for quality.	教師是實施素質教育的關鍵因素。
This function accepts a string as an argument (the original value of the field), and returns a masked version of the value.	這個函數接受一個字符串參數（該域的原始值），並返回該值的一個屏蔽版本。
Africa is growing but not as fast as China, and talent is scarce -- stretch it too thin and "at the end of the day you accomplish little."	非洲市場正在增長，但沒有像中國這麼快，且人才稀缺——戰線拉得太長，“到最後只會收穫寥寥。”
A former Lockheed Martin engineer showed off his pictures of aliens this summer that he claims to have obtained through conversations with extraterrestrial life.	今年夏天，美國洛克希德馬丁公司的前工程師博伊德?布須曼曝光了一組外星人照片，並聲稱自己是在和外星人交談的時候獲得這些照片的。
Waxman-Markey is imperfect, it’s disappointing in some respects, but it’s action we can take now.	Waxman-Markey提案並不完美，它在某些方面確實讓人失望，但是這是我們現在能採取的唯一方案。
And Trump's governing concept shows a strong inclination toward neo-isolationism.	從其執政理念看，新孤立主義傾向明顯。
But the 16-year prison term suggests that Mr. Zhou has run out of political patrons.	但16年的監獄服刑期表明周正毅完全沒有了政治上的庇護。
Bossuet muttered in Combeferre's ear	博須埃在公白飛的耳邊低聲說
As a result, under the influence of cycle of the reference Plane and Lake Level Fluctuation, the type, shape and scale of sand-body are changed regularity at different place.	研究發現，在基準面旋迴、湖平面變化的綜合影響下，不同位置，砂體的類型、形態、規模是有一定規律的。
I think he thought, If Michael can do it, I can do it.	我想他是覺得如果邁克爾能做到，他也能做到。
Faithfulness is the antidote to bitterness and confusion. It confers the conviction that we are ready for anything the divine will intends for us.	忠誠是痛苦與慌亂的解藥，它讓我們確信我們已準備好接受神旨所要給我們的任何事物。
Talent never goes unrecognized, through constant endeavour will it be seen.	世上沒有懷才不遇，只看你是否百分百爭取。
Today there are 1000 standard cases of product that have been recorded by the auditor.	今天出廠的貨物有1000標箱，點貨員已經作了記錄。
Health and Human Services Secretary Kathleen Sebelius said Thursday that 400, 000 of those treatments will be sent to Mexico.	衛生與公衆服務部長凱瑟琳西貝柳斯女士表示，這些藥物之中有40萬的藥物將被派往墨西哥。
According to the words of the school principal, of the total 846 students who were boarding at the school, 286 were killed in the earthquake, and 97 saved.	根據校長董進倫提供的數據，住校學生共有846人，地震中死亡學生286人，救出97人。
China's fertility rate may be much lower than official estimates.	中國人口高增長率可能會比政府估計的要低很多。
The Special Olympics is a global nonprofit organization serving some 200 million people with intellectual disabilities, with a presence in nearly 200 countries worldwide.	特奧會是一個國際性的非贏利組織，服務於全球近200個國家的約2億名智障人士。
"Si Ku Quan Shu" electronic version of the original include the classics, history, son, four sets of all the documents, totaling more than 200 million pages, 150 CDs.	《四庫全書》原文電子版囊括了經、史、子、集四部的所有文獻，共計200餘萬頁，150張光盤。
By document-material way and experiment-study way, studied the whole nation's body-building route taken by the young and finds out the scientific body-building way suitable to different physiques.	採用文獻資料法、實驗研究法對不同體質青年人利用“全民健身路徑”健身進行研究。
Application and business-level exceptions require significantly more data to properly define the cause of the error.	應用和業務級別異常需要更多數據來正確定義錯誤起因。
And why do we fall for it, year after year?	而我們又爲什麼年復一年爲之傾倒？
The chimp had a sweet and tactile side but could also be violent, messy and vicious. But as Marsh points out, that's what chimpanzees are like, that's how they behave.	這隻猩猩有可愛和通人性的一面，但他也有粗暴、骯髒和邪惡的一面，但就像馬什所指出的那樣，黑猩猩本來就是那樣的，都是本性的行爲。
The Republic left a semi-permanent trading post and landing platform near one of the Ewok villages.	共和國在一個伊沃克人村子附近留下了一個半永久性貿易站和着陸平臺。
Likewise, Oscar Wilde wrote, "We have really everything in common with America nowadays, except, of course, the language."	無獨有偶，英國作家王爾德也嘲諷地寫道：“可以說，除了語言，如今我們在各方面和美國是完全一樣的。”
Gene Stubbs, an associate professor emeritus of psychiatry and pediatrics at Oregon Health &Science University, says the preliminary research is already intriguing.	俄勒岡衛生科學大學精神病和兒科名譽副教授Gene Stubbs說，初步研究已經耐人尋味。
In spite of the fact that on the non institutional level mass media and public identity can exert some kind of check and balance, Congress can still play a controlling role.	儘管非制度層面的大衆傳媒和公衆認知能發揮一定程度的制衡作用，但國會仍可對此加以控制。
In the course of transplantation, different concentrations of fertilizers were used on the basis of different growth periods.	在瓶苗移植過程中，不同時期應施用不同濃度的營養液。
Considerable attention is given to the action of centrifugal force in grinding wheels.	磨牀砂輪的離心力作用受到相當的關注。
This 17-meter high access area, which narrows at its two main entrances, links the two stone halves of the building and guides visitors into the Museum.	這個17米高的門廳，它的兩個主要入口變窄，鏈接到博物館的兩個主樓，引導旅客進入博物館。
With the Earth's orbital parameters appropriate for the mid-Holocene, simulated results both from the CLIMBER-2 and IAP9L-AGCM reveal a warmer and wetter climate in the Northern Hemisphere in summer.	在中全新世地球軌道參數驅動下CLIMBER-2和IAP9L-AGCM的模擬結果均揭示出夏季北半球比現今更加溫暖和更加溼潤的氣候狀態。
First, the revolution in video production made possible by cheap camcorders and easy-to-use video software.	第一場革命是由廉價便攜式攝像機和傻瓜視頻軟件促成的視頻製作革命。
Tourists go to the beach, they go to Lamu island, they go to Malindi, they go to Mombasa, they sit and drink beer.	遊客們來到海灘，拉姆島，馬林迪，蒙巴薩等地方，他們安然無恙地喝着啤酒。
Then the technical files for the same kind of bridges can be set up, by which actual data in improving design, optimizing structure, and improving technics can be accumulated.	建立與該類橋樑有關的技術檔案，爲今後興建同類橋樑完善設計、優化結構、改進工藝積累實測資料。
No others were injured in the incident, police said.	在這個槍擊事件中沒有人受傷，警方說。
Likewise, rapper P. Diddy, talk show host Conan O'Brien and R&B singer Chris Brown implored their followers to help the victims of the disaster。	另外，說唱明星吹牛老爹、脫口秀主持人柯南•奧布萊恩、嘻哈小天王克里斯•布朗也號召粉絲幫助災民。
Results The effect of sensitive medicines on patients was significant. Conclusions Chlorhexidine absorbent cotton yarn can be used in the treatment of the infection and bleeding of tooths extraction.	結論醋酸氯已啶、 明膠海綿用於拔牙窩出血及感染可行性強，經濟實用，操作簡便可廣泛應用於臨牀。
The effect of different dwarfing inter stocks on yield and tree vigor of young Jianbawang pear trees was studied to overcome the disadvantage of late fruit-bearing and late maturity.	爲選出適合尖把王梨的矮化中間砧，以克服尖把王梨幼樹結果晚、豐產晚的缺點，研究了不同矮化中間砧對尖把王梨幼樹的產量和樹勢的影響。
Our products include figurine, photo frame, money bank, keyring, etc. of many kinds of theme.	我們的產品種類繁多，包括了各種主題的公仔雕像、像框、錢罐、鑰匙墜、首飾盒，等等。
Methhods The clinical manifestation and examinations, misdiagnosis, and therapy of 28 patients with cryptococcus meningitis were analysed retrospectively.	方法回顧性總結近年2 8例隱球菌性腦膜炎的臨牀表現、輔助檢查、誤診情況及治療。
The crowd was disappointed about the lack of enthusiam from the players.	一些缺乏激情的選手們令觀衆大失所望。
He and his daughter have been discharged from the government camps with the bare minimum to start afresh.	他和他的女兒都被政府從帳篷中驅趕出來了，只有非常少的資源能讓他們重新開始。
Jacqueline Pritchard, a British animal expert, told BBC News that she was certain that Oscar was sensing vital organs shutting down [Source: BBC News].	英國動物專家傑奎琳·布理查德在BBC新聞中稱她堅信奧斯卡當時是嗅出了某些重要器官的衰亡。
GM also has two additional plants run by a separate, three-way venture GM jointly operates with SAIC and Wuling. That company produces and markets microminivans.	通用汽車公司還有兩個另外的工廠，這兩個工廠是由通用汽車與SAIC、五菱公司聯合的單獨性三方合資企業。
But there's one in particular that you just have to listen too, and it was the interview with Michael Pollan, the author of the book that's for the class.	但還有一個你們不能錯過的播客,就是對麥克爾·波蘭的訪談,他是本課教材的作者
"It caught us by complete surprise that they are actually up in the high plateau well before the Ice Age has started, " Wang says.	王曉明表示：“事實就是是長毛犀早在冰河時期開始前就出現在青藏高原了，這一發現讓我感到十分驚訝。”
The minimum brittleness temperature of the ACM filled with DOP was -38 and which filled with DBS was -42.	填充鄰苯二甲酸二辛酯（DOP）的丙烯酸酯橡膠的最低脆性溫度達-38℃；
In this thesis we designed a EUV multi spectrum space solar telescope (EUT) based on the requirement of high angular resolution and wide field of view for solar observations;	本文根據空間平臺上高分辨率對日觀測的需要，設計出一種可以在四個極紫外波段對日同時成像多光譜太陽望遠鏡（EUT）；
Conclusion Painless tumescence of a testicle is the most common manifestation of the testicular seminoma.	結論成年人出現睾丸無痛性、進行性睾丸腫大，應考慮到該腫瘤的可能。
Adding an emulated atomic group often works well as a last resort, although other solutions, when possible, will most likely keep your regexes easier to understand.	增加一個模擬原子組往往作爲最後一招使用，雖然還有其他解決辦法，如果可能的話，儘可能保持你的正則表達式簡單易懂。
Tests that are presented under the pretext of learning are actually used to brand a school and its kids as satisfactory or sub-par.	以學習爲藉口的考試，實際上被用於給學校和學生貼上“良”或“不合格”的標籤。
Wool, silk or polypropylene inner layers hold more body heat than cotton does.	純毛、絲或化纖的內層要比棉更好。
TOEIC Vocabulary-Feelings ,Emotions,Attitudes & Sensations	(託業)分類詞彙：感覺,情緒,態度及知覺
May: Go straight ahead and turn right on the second intersection. You can't miss it.	阿美： 直走，在第二個路口處右轉。 你不會錯過的。
You will not lie awake at night thinking about your friend.	在夜晚，當你想到你的朋友時，你不會躺着睡不着。
The advantage of RUTF is that it is a ready-to-use paste which does not need to be mixed with water, thereby avoiding the risk of bacterial proliferation in case of accidental contamination.	即食治療食物的優點是，它是一種即時使用的糊狀物，而且不需要與水混合，因而降低了意外污染時細菌增生的危險。
She developed symptoms on 27 September, and was first admitted to a local general hospital on 5 October.	她於9月27日出現症狀並於10月5日首次被收住到一家當地綜合醫院。
I will graduate from eking University this July. I have majored in accounting.	今年七月將從北京大學畢業，我主修的專業是會計學。
We of the dolphin and whale realm will assist our human brothers and sisters in such shifts.	我們海豚鯨魚王國將援助我們的人類弟兄姐妹這些改變。
The second floor has two bathrooms, a computer room and two bedrooms.	二樓有兩間浴室，一間電腦房和兩間臥室。
If the selfless moral principle does not become the greatest moral ideality and the greatest moral goal of the people, the moral level of the people can not be enhanced.	如果沒有大公無私的道德原則作爲人們所追求的最高道德理想和道德目標，人們的道德水平就難以提高。
Weighted Average, LIFO and FIFO inventory calculation methods.	加權平均，後進先出法和先進先出庫存計算方法。
"In this connection", said my friend warmly, "I must tell you another story.	“就這種關聯而言”，我的朋友熱情地說，“我必須告訴你另一個故事。
We cannot be too careful to protect our eyes.	是的，有護眼燈啊，還是買護眼燈好，對孩子眼睛好。
Establish databanks of loyal customers.	建立忠誠顧客數據庫。
The congenial surroundings with cultural displays and books are geared to making learning English stress-free and pleasant.	文物與書籍陳列於賞心悅目的氛圍，讓學生放鬆心情學習英語。
According to these theories, the design values of Luchaogang and Lianxinggang are estimated, as the basis for design levee elevation in the area.	結合上述理論方法，推求蘆潮港站和連興港站潮位與波浪的組合設計值，爲該地區堤防設計高程的制定提供依據。
"Markets could see the move as a good sign of officials seeing the problem and acting before it's too late, " he added.	市場將把該動向視爲美國政府看待經濟問題的好兆頭，在情況變化以前就開始行動。
But you have turned from the way and by your teaching have caused many to stumble; you have violated the covenant with Levi," says the LORD Almighty.	你們卻偏離正道，使許多人在律法上跌倒。你們廢棄我與利未所立的約。這是萬軍之耶和華說的。
It's the plural for heaven, so the heavens or the heavenly places is this Greek word.	這裏用的是複數，天國和神聖之地是同一個希臘詞。
Along with the drawn-on follicles, Jackson had his eyeliner, lips and eyebrows permanently tattooed.	除了這些，傑克遜同時還有永久性的紋眉， 紋脣和眼線。
But building a house costs somewhere between 70,000 and 100,000 yuan or more, depending on location and the cost of bricks and cement, according to locals.	但當地居民表示蓋房成本在7到10萬元，視位置和建材成本而定。
Director Danny Boyle uses intense music against the images of Ralston alone in the wild.	導演丹尼博伊爾使用對圖像的羅爾斯頓在野外獨自激烈的音樂。
Binarized volume data of the interested organ is formed by shaped-based object interpolation, which avoids the blurred contour caused by gray-scale interpolation and reduces the tine for segmentation.	基於形狀的目標內插產生二值體數據，避免了線性灰度插值造成的物體表面邊界模糊，並減少了分割的工作量；
People in general, and women in particular, want to know exactly what their spouses are thinking and feeling.	一般人，特別是婦女，希望能確切地瞭解配偶的思想和情感。
I had requested an additional sample of 1330-HB in chocolate and 5620-CR 2 pieces in black for salesmans samples.	我有請求一另外的樣品 1330 HB 的在巧克力中和 5620 CR 的 2 塊在黑色的爲售貨員樣品。
The beach life-guards usually flag one another for communication.	海濱救生員通常用旗號傳達信息。
Thirdly, distinguish the conflicts between interviewing and other powers and the principle of balancing different cases.	再次，區別對待採訪權與其它權利衝突和個案權衡原則；
The games will also be co-hosted by Dongguan, Foshan and Shanwei, the three neighboring cities.	這次亞運會將由廣州和三個臨近城市東莞、佛山以及汕尾共同舉辦。
This is the postcode category of 31 - Leicestershire County, U. K.	這是英國 萊斯特郡 的郵政編碼分類。
Tired from the day Du Fu is to rest, only to hear " bang bang, bang bang … … " Hit the door, open the door, open the door and came ", do you hear … … " Bawl.	勞累了一天的杜甫正待安歇之時，只聽到“咣咣，咣咣……”的砸門聲，又傳來“開門，開門，聽見沒有……”的叫罵聲。
It is a preferred addictive for preparing over-based marine cylinder oil.	是調製高鹼值船用汽缸油的首選添加劑。
As one group of leading flowers in tropical and subtropical areas, orchids are the prospective plants for gene engineering.	作爲熱帶和亞熱帶最重要的花卉之一，蘭花在基因工程的改良上有着誘人的前景。
Whatever happens from now on, this left arm is a proof of friendship…	從現在起，不管發生什麼，這條左胳膊就是友誼的象徵…
I believe that usually in the office or in the company, in the government offices people tend to wear formal, you know, suit, tie, anything like that.	但是在中國，雖然有一些公司的職員，會穿非常正式的夾克，西服套裝，打領帶，穿黑色的鞋子和褲子等等。
The kids brought guns and bad attitude that she quickly changed, natch !	孩子們帶着槍，帶着桀驁不馴的態度（但是很快被她扭轉了，強！
It was Lowery's first fight, but many others were veterans of the boxing world. They came from Detroit, Cleveland and many other cities to hone skills in hopes of getting a shot at the Olympics.	這是羅威瑞的第一次比賽，不過，其他的許多人是拳擊世界的老手，他們來自底特律，克利夫蘭及其他許多城市，他們希望通過磨練技能獲得在奧運會露一手的機會。
(Because, you see, it wouldn’t be realistic to have talking dogs in a movie).	這個科學怪人還指揮着一夥能說人話的狗，這歸功於它們脖子上的特殊項圈（你看，電影裏有了能說話的狗就談不上什麼現實主義了）。
Setup read and processing of keystroke dynamics and current release timings	設置讀取、處理擊鍵力學和當前釋放計時
Yeaton was working as a physician on a small cruise ship in Mexico's Sea of Cortés when, at breakfast one morning, the passengers noticed that several dolphins were swimming alongside the boat.	伊頓是墨西哥洋科特灣一個小型遊船上的醫師，一天早餐時，一些乘客發現有幾隻海豚在船邊遊。
The experiment proved that the differences in the quality of vapor in theory and in practice is not large, quality of vapor can meet the demand of air- humidified in industry.	實驗證明，理論蒸發值與實際蒸發值的差值不大，蒸發量能滿足工業生產對空氣加溼的要求。
This is using the â “lf parameter of the crtmqm command.	即使用 crtmqm 命令的 –lf 參數指定。
About six years ago, the movie Twight was a great success, hundred of teenagers became the fans.	大約六年前，電影《暮光之城》獲得巨大成功，成千上萬的青少年成爲了電影的粉絲。
Besides, I can speak Mandarin. Any questions you have, we can talk about it bilingually .	再說，我會說華文。有任何的問題，我們都可以用雙語來討論。
Close to Shou'an Temple, Jin'ao Hill Park is the most exquisite classical garden in Chongming Island.	金鰲山公園是崇明島上最精緻的古典園林，與壽安寺相鄰。
In 1995 renowned Belgian biochemist Christian de Duve called life “a cosmic imperative” and declared “it is almost bound to arise” on any Earth-like planet.	1995年，著名的比利時生物化學家Christian de Duve認爲，生命是"宇宙的必然"，並稱生命在任何與地球相似的行星上"幾乎一定會發生"。
In an online auction, a film role with Johnny Depp, tea with former Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan and tennis lessons from Andre Agassi(see photo) are up for grabs to benefit the Robert F.	紐約一網站近日拍賣多個與名人共處的機會，包括和影星約翰尼·德普一同出演電影、與美聯儲前主席格林斯潘喝杯茶、讓網球明星安德烈·阿加西（見圖）上堂課。
Pictures show the 8-year-old lion appears to be having the time of his life, rolling around like a kitten (see photo).	從照片上看，8歲的“賈穆”在接受按摩時像小貓一樣在地上打滾，非常享受（見圖）。
Objective To study the effects of positive ent -expiratory pressure (PEEP) in airway pressure with a lung model .	目的探討外源性呼氣末正壓（PEEP）對氣過壓力影響的規律。
Meat, fish, sauces, soups, stock, baked cakes, bread, herbs, egg whites and yolks can all be frozen.	肉，魚，醬，湯 ， 存貨， 烘焙蛋糕，麪包，藥草，蛋白和蛋黃能全部被凍結。
Today world economics map is more and more controlled by the industrial cluster. China has also emerged large quantities characteristic industry cluster which are operated successfully.	今天的世界經濟地圖越來越受到了產業集羣的支配，中國也涌現了一大批運營成功的特色產業集羣。
Older singletons are using the sites as a way to find love.	孤寡老人使用此類網站尋找真愛。
Zeus : I banish you to the darkest pits of Tartarus!	宙斯：我要讓你們在冥界暗無天日的深淵消亡！
This paper presents common requirements, and ideas to program the communication software in SCADA system meet the demands of flexible and efficient datum.	總結了燃氣輸配SCADA系統通信的一般需求，介紹一種通信軟件程序設計思路，可以靈活高效地實現燃氣輸配SCADA中數據的採集和監控管理。
Finally, the function returns a value that can be tested by the caller; by PHP convention, 0 indicates an error occurred, while any non-zero value indicates success.	最後，該函數返回一個可供調用者測試的值；按照 PHP 約定，0 表示出錯，而任何非零值表示成功。
The South China Sea is a marginal sea of Eastern Asia.	南海是亞洲東部的一個邊緣海。
Valentine's Day is for expressing affection of all sorts. But it is unequivocally the romantically involved who shine the brightest, who spend the most money, whose hearts are the most engaged.	瓦倫丁節是表達各種愛的節日，但毫無疑問，陷入浪漫愛情的人在這個節日最有神采，也最肯花錢，也最爲動情。
The English-language edition of Global Times, aimed at foreigners living in China, carried the one detailed report.	英語語言版的環球時報，目的是外國人住在中國，進行一個詳細的報告。
Mr Wei rushed to Taipei during his rest day on a Sunday to see Mr Zhang.	魏姓同學便利用星期日趕到臺北和張先生見面。
With the increasing of medical dissension, the controversies about whether the operative consent paper is only a form contract and whether it has law force are more and more.	一方面隨着醫療糾紛的增多，圍繞手術同意書究竟是否是格式合同、手術同意書究竟是否產生法律效力等問題的爭議越來越多；
In this case, I reference the terms.html file shown in  Listing 8.	在這個例子中，我引用了在  清單 8 中顯示的 terms.html 文件。
The IBM MQTT protocol is used in many diverse environments to connect a variety of sensor systems.	在許多不同的環境中，IBM MQTT 協議被用來連接各種傳感器系統。
Notice how neatly the beaver eats - stripping the bark by turning the branch like an ear of corn.	注意到海狸吃得有多優雅了嗎–像旋轉玉米棒一樣旋轉樹枝剝掉樹皮。
Her influence lasted as the many students from Mary Lyon's schools went out to teach others.	她的影響持續存在着，例如很多從霍里奧克學校的學生離開後開始教其他人。
The propaganda attempts to arouse prejudice among the public by labeling the target something that the public dislikes.	這種宣傳手段試圖給一個目標貼上某種公衆所憎惡的標籤，從而在公衆中激起對該目標偏見。
Learn how to apply white toner paint before airbrushing a wood grain finish effect on a car in this free instructional art video.	學習如何運用在這個自由之前，祛除教學藝術的視頻木紋汽車上完成效果的白色油漆碳粉。
The mechanical property of the hypoeutectic high chromium cast iron extrusion samples was analyzed after extruded by semi-solid rheocasting forming.	分析了亞共晶高鉻鑄鐵半固態漿料進行流變擠壓成形後擠壓件的力學性能。
Just as the West once underestimated the potential of emerging markets, now it underestimates the power of the region’s corporate champions, Mr van Agtmael believes.	阿格塔米爾堅信，正如西方一度低估了新興市場的潛力一樣，現在西方低估了該地區的龍頭企業。
But to have survived this long, these systems of thought must have at their cores a useful set of principles that help people live the 'good life'.	不過既然能存在這麼長時間，這些思想必定有一些能幫助人們過上“美好生活”的核心準則。
In History and Class Consciousness Lukacs distinguished materialization from objectifying when he applied materialization practically and expected the result of eliminating materialization.	盧卡奇在《歷史與階級意識》中對物化的實際運用和消除物化後期待的結果表明盧卡奇是區分物化和對象化的。
You have to imagine a time when Switzerland wasn't extremely wealthy.	可以想象那時的瑞士並不富裕
The CCP advances to take the Scientific Development View as a guide to construct harmonious society.	黨中央提出了以人爲本、全面、協調，可持續發展的科學發展。
Now, the thermal stability of materials' oxygen storage capacity (OSC) has been improved greatly, but its textural properties, especially after being aged at high temperature, are still dissatisfying.	經過多年的努力，材料儲氧性能的抗老化性已經得到了較好的解決，但是高溫對材料織構性能的破壞作用仍然很嚴重。
As Figure 1 illustrates, I decided to start by adding a new Run XM entry to the navigator's pop-up menu.	如圖 1 所示，我決定從將新的 Run XM項添加到導航器的彈出菜單開始。
Bee able to meet you , I was so lucky.	能夠遇見沵，皒是如此幸運。 。
Perfecting the contract text and avoid legal loss.	完善合同文本，避免法律損失。
I think you are too busy to take an afternoon off.	我想你們真是忙得連個下午都抽不出來了。
The FBI puts combined economic losses from the ring at more than 20 million dollars.	美國聯邦調查局歸總此犯罪集團造成的經濟損失超過兩千萬美元。
We discuss the nonperiodic abnormal stripe noise due to the spaceborne SAR system itself, and present an area filtering method in two-dimensional frequency domain.	對於因雷達系統本身原因而產生的一些非週期不規則條紋噪聲進行討論， 針對此類噪聲提出一種二維頻域區域濾波的算法。
Mike Hammill, a fisheries department biologist from Mont Joli, Quebec, said the last time circumstances were so dire for the seal pups was in 1981.	來自魁北克蒙特朱利(Mont Joli)漁業部門的生物學家邁克·哈密爾(Mike Hammill)表示，上一次海豹幼崽遭遇這種嚴峻形勢是在1981年。
First, "he insisted:" four on further investigation, democratic decision-making, business study, work tracking urged.	首先，他做到“四個堅持”：即堅持深入調查、民主決策、業務學習、工作追蹤督促。
Land Use is a economic active process that human get material products and service with land as subject of labor to satisfy themselves needs.	土地利用是人類以土地爲勞動對象，獲得物質產品和服務，以滿足自身需要的經濟活動過程。
What do you think of the idea of advocating thrifty consumption? Do you have any better ideas? Share with us now.	你覺得這個“倡導節約用餐”的創意怎麼樣？那麼，你有什麼更實用的高招呢？快來與我們分享吧！
Introduce an experiment of preparing hepatic gas , using kiln gas and crude calcium sulfide produced by calcination calcium sulfate. It gives a new process.	介紹了以硫酸鈣鍛燒而形成的粗硫化鈣及窯氣爲原料，製備硫化氫的試驗研究。本工藝爲生產硫化氫開闢了一條新途徑。
Dr. Stevens has worked at the language institute since 1982.	史蒂文斯從1982年起就一直在語言學院工作。
Tears don't mean you're losing, everybody's bruising.	眼淚並不意味着你失去了，大家的青腫。
Voice-data convergence, then, seems likely to mean that in future customers will pay a monthly access fee to use their phones but not pay for individual calls.	因此，語音速據融合似乎意味着在將來顧客只需支付接入月租費而不用再爲電話單獨交費了。
The innovation points of Meilanchun sesame-flavor liquor towards higher grade development were put forward.	提出梅蘭春芝麻香酒向更高檔、典型風格更優美方面發展的創新點；
But we dare not press our luck.	但是我們不敢再碰運氣了。
Experiments verify that the chain-shaped robot has a strong obstacle-climbing capability, and can climb stairs;	實驗結果驗證鍊形機器人具有較強的越障能力，能爬越樓梯；
But most times to live at continent and throw villager child, So though residential district build up already, the schools of continent dismiss from and keep one a piece of teachings order also still.	但村民們大部分時間是在洲上生活，將孩子丟在黃石上學確實不方便，所以儘管新村已建成，但洲內的學校並沒有撤，依然還保留着一個教學點。
Behold the believers of all beliefs!	且看所有信仰的信徒們！
Helen:OK. We have six major retailers running demonstrations at most branches. And our exhibition team is already on the road setting up for computer shows.	海倫：我們有六家主要的零售商在大部分的分店做展示。而且我們的展示隊伍已經爲計算機展在起跑了。
F: Lubanga is in The Hague.	F：在海牙。
We cannot be so lenient as to allow them to remain in the Party or the army, much less be promoted.	再寬，也不能寬到連黨籍、軍籍也保留，甚至於還升一級吧。
But Armand, on the contrary, seemed to take pleasure in speaking of her — not as he had done previously, with tears in his eyes, but with a gentle smile which allayed my fears for his state of mind.	阿爾芒卻相反，他似乎很樂意談到她，也不再像過去那樣一談起她就眼淚汪汪的，而是帶着一臉柔和的微笑，這種微笑使我對他心靈的健康感到放心。
No definite article.	沒有定冠詞。
I am a nice loving and good looking young lady, however, am interested in knowing you in person.	我是一個很有愛也很漂亮的女士，然而，我很感興趣去了解你。
"We question the utility of the question that has been proposed by Serbia. An advisory opinion cannot in itself be determinative of Kosovo's status, " he said.	索爾斯說：“我們對塞爾維亞提出這一要求的用意提出疑問。一項參考性的意見實質上並不能決定科索沃的地位問題。”
ICANN was established as a non-profit organization in 1998 in order to regulate the Internet.	ICANN 作爲一個非盈利組織成立於1998年，目的是爲了互聯網的資源調節。
At present, the loop invariants concept and technique is widely used in many teaching materials and literatures.	因此目前許多算法和程序設計的著作和教材中，均廣泛地使用了循環不變式的概念和技術。
This paper tends to have a brief discussion of the enlightenment for Arts Education brought by the Three Effects of Robert Rosenthal Effect, Halo Effect and Broken Effect.	藝術教育工作者可以就“羅森塔爾效應”、“暈輪效應”、“破窗效應”三種效應給藝術教育的啓示作一些探討。
There is a sports period, a family meeting, followed by a period called Reflections, when you must write down what you have memorised from the tapes.	接着會有一段體育時間、家庭會議。 不過在此之前，你需要沉思片刻，把你在聽靈魂音樂過程中的感悟回憶出來，寫在紙上。
Electrocardiographic (ECG) signals such as the standard 12-lead are synthesised from a novel reduced electrode set.	從一個新的減小電極的組中綜合心電圖（ECG）信號，如標準12導聯。
These are usually associated with a major publisher and a strong brand.	他們通過與一個大型的發行商和很強的品牌相關聯。
For now the airline will suffer no stoppages, and if at the end of the three weeks of talks there is no agreement, FWA will impose binding arbitration on both sides.	現在，航空公司再也不會遭受停業的威脅，而且如果在爲期三週的會談後雙方沒能達成任何共識，FWA將會對雙方進行捆綁式的強行仲裁。
Totemism in "Book of Mountains and Seas" including worship of animals and plants, sun worship and sex worship.	《山海經》中圖騰崇拜主要包括動植物崇拜、日月崇拜及性別崇拜。
Meanwhile, there are more than 70 Chinese-funded businesses in Brazil and 300 Brazilian-funded businesses in China.	同時，中國在巴西投資興建了70多家企業。
Spontanous subarachnoid hemorrhage ( SAH) mostly arises from rupture and bleeding of intracranial aneurysms.	自發性蛛網膜下腔出血多是由於顱內動脈瘤破裂引起。
We stepped off the ship and were met by an Icelandic scientist and the mayor of the town, who spoke to my uncle in Danish.	我們走下船，接我們的是一位冰島的科學家和市長，他們和叔叔用丹麥語進行交談。
When the time is right, you would sell your company stock to the public and become very rich. You would make millions!	時機成熟之後，你的公司會向社會發行股票，你將變得非常富有，你會成爲百萬富翁！
So, what determines the who, what, and where of modern royals as trendsetters?	那麼，到底什麼決定了現代皇室時尚先鋒的人選，物件以及地點呢？
Usually whole-field solution and sub-area solution are the two kinds of method to numerically solve three dimension unsteady conjugate heat transfer problem of convection and thermal conduction.	三維對流-導熱非穩態耦合傳熱問題的數值求解通常有整場求解及分區求解兩種方法。
A breakthrough relief Treatment For Allergic Rhinitis, Hay fever Relief;	一個突破，過敏性鼻炎，花粉症救濟救濟待遇；
At last, an improvement method of the deflector is suggested by using aluminum cathode and combined liners.	最後闡述了SFC引出偏轉板的高壓放電過程，並對其改進措施進行了研究。
"The first three weeks are about making the effort to just get your run or walk in, " says Hadfield.	“頭三個星期是要努力讓你堅持來跑或者徒步，”Hadfield說。
Results Self-medication is villager' s first action for malaria treatment. They sought treatment from health facilities again after self-medication did not work.	結果自己治療是村民治療瘧疾的第一行動，只有自己治療無效後纔到衛生機構求醫；
Block out any distractions such as TV, mobile phones, emails, visitors and so on.	阻絕任何干擾如電視機，移動電話，電子郵件，來訪者等。
But Fishercoffee, is located in the lane of Suzhou, separated with the Shiquan Street by a river.	唯獨啡舍，坐落在蘇州的小弄堂裏，只是沿着河，與最繁華的十全街一河之隔。
Steak House delivery services. 12 views.	牛排館的運送服務。12條意見。
" Ayisha is respected by Shias as the "Mother of Believers, " as Ali respected her when he sent her back from Basra to Madinah after the Battle of the Camel.	什葉派尊崇阿伊莎爲“信士之母”，當阿里在“駱駝之役”後從巴士拉送阿伊莎返回麥地那時，他就是如此尊崇她的。
For graphics of copper imports and apparent consumption:  here	瀏覽銅進口和表觀消費量統計圖表,請點選:( here)
It explains reasons of the peeling off and breakage of gear tooth in extruders reducer, recomends the processing method of increasing gear strength, and analyses the mechanism of strength increased.	指出了擠泥機減速機齒面剝落和斷齒的原因，提出了提高齒輪強度的加工方法，分析討論了強度提高的機理。
So this is just the idea that the most electrons that you can have in a single orbital is two electrons.	這個觀點是在一個單個的軌道中,最多容納兩個電子。
Listing 7. Disk error from dmesg	清單 7. dmesg 的磁盤錯誤
GH can promote growth and development of animals with increased milk yield, wool production and improve the feed efficiency and lean meat percent- age.	GH具有促進動物生長髮育，提高產乳量、產毛量、提高飼料轉化率和瘦肉率等重要功能。
Results, which Diaz plans to submit to a scientific journal when he's done with follow-up studies, showed that half of the people were terrible at guessing where the ball went.	結果顯示一半的人完全猜錯了足球將飛向什麼方向，另外一半則猜對了。
Objective To search an effect method to treat Carpal Scaphoid Bone Nonunion (CSBN) , according to clinical observation and analysis of three treating methods to CSBN .	目的通過對腕舟骨骨不連三種治療方法的臨牀觀察與分析，探討治療腕舟骨骨不連接的有效手術方法。
You shit to wear underpants!	你丫拉屎穿褲衩呀！
Jessie: Did you have a good time at your prom?	傑西：你的高中畢業舞會過得好嗎？
He will not undermine Cook, in any way, shape or form, but he will be there.	他不會詆譭庫克，但不管何種形式，形狀或者形式，他仍在那裏。
We recommend you to use the fist way of containing only one hole to play single note.	我們推薦使用第一種方法，口含一孔吹單音。
The price increase will also ensure AGY's ability to continue investing in new products and technology.	價格上漲也將確保AGY繼續在新產品和技術領域的投資能力。
Chapter III is the grammatical analysis of"Yizhoushu"Verbs.	第三章是對《逸周書》動詞的語法分析。
Consummates the traveling service system, Ningxia will make the feature tourism destination.	完善旅遊服務體系，將寧夏打造成富有魅力的中國西部特色旅遊目的地。
The Genetic Algorithm(GA) is used to optimize the pole-zero location in all-pass networks of 30 and 60 relative phase-shift, and good phase-frequency characteristics are obtained.	然後利用遺傳算法分別對30和60十倍頻寬帶相對相移網絡的零極點參數值進行了優化，得到了較好的相位頻率特性結果；
Discuss the main fuzzy characteristic of production schedule and describe first, put forward controlling the method thought fuzzily of main production schedule.	先討論主生產計劃模糊特性及其描述，提出主生產計劃的模糊控制方法思想。
Americans continue to debate how to interpret the Second Amendment.	美國人爲如何解釋第二修正案繼續辯論。
Those of us young people had left the podium, only to learn again with an open mind with an open mind to learn!	而我們這些剛走上講臺的年輕人，只能是虛心學習再虛心學習！
Experts said the study should prompt countries to reconsider how they classify drugs.	專家稱，這項研究應該促使各國重新考慮藥品的分類。
Holiday Inn Kuala Lumpur Glenmarie, is our official event hotel whom we have partnered to present the most attractive accommodation package over the duration of the event.	Kuala Lumpur Glenmarie假日飯店是我們正式比賽住的飯店，是我們的夥伴在整個比賽期間提供最有吸引力的套裝住宿。
And Play Media from Mozart's 36th symphony. The minuet is a courtly, aristocratic dance, and both composers are faithful to its nature.	小步舞是一種具有尊嚴和禮貌的貴族化的舞蹈形式，兩位作曲家都忠實於其本源。
Dr. Sun Yet sen; Culture; Moderate; Spectrum; Acculturation ; The three principles of the people nationalism; Democracy and livelihood.	中山先生；文化；溫和主義；光譜；濡化；三民主義。
I can speake chinese only and I know a little simple English?	我會說中文和一點簡單的英語？
Each sculpture usually only lasts a couple of days but with care they can survive for over a week.	每一個雕刻作品通常僅能保存一兩天，但照顧得好的話能保存一個多星期。
It allows applications to specify the starting row of the fetch and the number of rows to be fetched from the database.	它允許應用程序指定從數據庫中所取的起始行，以及所取的行數。
A new book called "Battle Hymn of the Tiger Mother" by Amy Chua has caused a debate about cultural differences in parenting.	最近，有一本名爲"虎媽戰歌"（作者是美籍華人蔡美兒）的書引起了關於子女教育方法的文化差異的爭論。
Results: Hepatic needle suture technique helps 12 patients stop bleeding quickly and reserve their uteruses.	結論：肝針縫合術治療剖宮產術時胎盤附着處收縮乏力性出血簡單、有效，值得推廣。
A sheet of stainless steel that has resulted in come to being rolled into a coil to fhvacilitdined on transport and storage.	不鏽鋼薄板被輾成卷，學習通常是可以回收利用的廢料、鐵及合金元素。便於運輸及儲蓄堆集。
Although the Europeans received mixed reviews for their performance, they were widely credited with seeing it to a successful conclusion.	雖然歐洲方面在利比亞行動中的總體表現褒貶不一，但是，他們在結尾階段所做的努力，被廣泛稱道。
Vehicle's age 0-2 is a Referral Risk.	車輛的0-2歲是一個轉介的風險。
Beauty is truth's smile when she look ins her own fgenius in a particular excellent mirror.	美即是道理的含笑，當她在完整的鏡子前攬鏡自照。
A city of western Netherlands northeast of Rotterdam. Chartered in 272, it is noted for its cheese market. Population, '0,02'.	荷蘭西部一城市，鹿特丹的東北方。272年成立自治市，由於奶酪市場而揚名。人口'0，02'。
The MODEL 500 incorporates stereo Line-Level inputs and outputs that permit the amplifier to be connected between a preamplifier and amplifier without the need for Y-connectors.	型號500包含了立體聲線性電平輸入和輸出，這能夠使擴音器在前置擴音器與擴音器間連接，不需要Y型連接器。
China-ASEAN economic and trade cooperation is in the most dynamic and productive historical period.	中國-東盟經貿合作正處於歷史上最活躍、最富有成效的時期。
It predicts that global warming will precipitate security issues for Europe, ranging from energy wars to mass migration, failed states and political radicalisation.	報告預測，全球變暖會嚴重影響歐洲的安全問題，包括能源戰爭、大規模移民、國家動盪以及政治激進等。
So I decided to test the system.	因此我決定測試下這個制度。
He rolls his eyes because he knows I'm on yet another in a long series of matchmaking missions. Technically, the camping thing is new on the checklist.	他對我翻了翻白眼，因爲他知道我還有一系列紅娘的任務要執行，嚴格來說，這類宿營問題還是我首次遇到。
It had the spiral structure revealed by congo red.	具有與剛果紅結合的螺旋結構。
The study of the relations between Zhang Tianyi′novels and the foreign influences he received, to some extent, is the study of a creative conversion of foreign influences in his works. But such…	研究張天翼與外國文學的關係，在很大程度上就是研究外國文學在他作品中創造性轉換的問題。
Prison, tortured under repeated Manny decided to escape the penalty to be full of Baker also into trouble , boarded a freight train bound for Alaskas escape.	劇情描述在美國西北的監獄，重犯曼尼在飽受折磨之下決定越獄，刑期將滿的貝克也被拖下水，登上一列開往阿拉斯加的運貨火車逃獄。
Bighorn sheep live in divided herds : ewes and lambs together in larger groups, rams in smaller bachelor herds .	大角羊住進分開的畜羣：母羊和羔羊在一起更大的羣體，公羊在較小的單身漢獸羣。
The accuracy of the test is similar to that provided by expert pathologists following current practice standards.	這項檢驗的正確度與專業病理學家遵循執業標準所得到的結果相似。
After the second service processes the message, the first service sends it back to the caller as a reply.	在第二個服務處理完消息後，第一個服務將它作爲回覆發送給調用者。
A red-emblazoned shock trooper, Commander Thire was tasked by Emperor Palpatine to scour the lower levels of the Galactic Senate to find any traces of Jedi Master Yoda.	賽爾是個紅色裝飾的突擊克隆兵，被帕爾帕丁皇帝指派去搜索星系議院的下層，找尤達大師的任何蹤跡。
Despite high levels of unemployment, anti-inflationary strategies were maintained throughout the recession of 1980-82.	在1980-82年期間，儘管失業率高，但是反通貨膨脹的戰略始終沒有放棄。
However, other researchers who study domestic dogs as stand-ins for human disease are less certain that transgenic dogs will become widespread in research.	但是，其他研究用家養狗作爲人類疾病模型的專家懷疑轉基因狗能否在研究中普及。
Hunan province provincial governor Zhou Qiang and Board Chairman Zheng Yuanbao have a photo to mark the occasion.	中共中央委員、湖南省省長周強與鄭元豹董事長合影留念。
In ordinary times, employers pay into a state insurance fund, and workers who lose jobs draw benefits for up to 26 weeks.	平時，【美國】僱主支付到一個國家保險基金，失去工作的工人可從中獲益最長達26個星期。
Synthetic data examples show that the image resole obtained by multiple migrations is similar to that from primary migration.	數值模擬表明，多次波偏移能得到和一次波相似的成像結果。
"Mr. Bay was very aware and impressed with the E-3 and what it provides to combatant commanders in theater, " said Lt. Col. Jimmy Warren, the 965th AACS commander and project officer for the trip.	“貝先生很瞭解E-3空中預警機以及它對指揮室中戰鬥指揮官的作用並且印象深刻，”第965空中空管系統指揮官暨此行的項目主管吉米·華倫中校如是說。
I asked my colleague you in that school? He said that in.	我問我同事你在那上學呢？他說在，電大。
Stories of gritty players overcoming adversity to triumph on the field were printed "almost ad nausea, " says Crepeau.	堅韌不拔的運動員們在賽場上戰勝各隊取得最終勝利的故事卻被報道成最令人作嘔，科瑞福說。
We all know that the earth is a sphere.	我們都知道地球是一個球體。
Now damon and wife michelle are playing the waiting game for the couple ' s first child , due in mid - january.	現在戴蒙跟老婆蜜雪兒正等待著他們的第一個小寶貝，預產期是一月中。
As a result, classical physics tacitly approve (a), and thereby it fails to comprehend the two-slit experiments.	經典物理學默認概率的迭加假定，從而不能理解雙縫衍射實驗；
The brushes have bristles of animal hair, with a very fine point.	毛筆用動物的毛髮製成，筆尖很細。
What does Maria look like in this shirt?	馬麗雅穿這件上衣效果會怎麼樣?。
Lotus and cui yuan held wedding, is the short walk from her home to cui yuan ceremony.	荷娜和崔元舉辦了婚禮，就是從她家走到崔元家的短暫儀式。
The tolls, which include a government passage tax, varied from $4 to $30 per vehicle.	隧道收費連政府通過稅，每程由4元至30元不等。
Bob Dinneen, the president of the Renewable Fuels Association, the industry’s main trade group, said only two out of 160 ethanol refineries nationwide shut down because of the storms.	乙醇行業的主要交易商同盟——“可再生燃油協會”主席Bob Dinneen指出，遍佈全國的160家精煉廠中只有2家由於暴雨而關閉。
Publishers also receive a lot of game design submissions that they often weed through, looking for titles that interest them.	發行商還會受到許多提交的遊戲策劃案，他們經常會篩選這些策劃案並找到他們感興趣的策劃案。
He had tears in his eyes and a lump in his throat when Lavrushka came in at the door with papers.	眼淚涌出眼眶，並在喉嚨裏哽咽着，這時，拉夫魯什卡拿着什麼公文走進門來。
Non-conductors are rubber and glass.	橡皮和玻璃是非導體。
Some students consider their dormitory is also a good place. This is a wrong thought, because your roommates may represent much interference.	一些學生認爲宿舍也不錯，這是個錯誤的想法，因爲你的舍友可能給你帶來干擾。
You can just as easily add your own codec to the mix.	您也可以向其中添加您自己的 codec。
Research exceeds a general designation of science and technology below cold condition this kind to learn for microtherm .	探究這種超冷狀態下的科學技術統稱爲低溫學。
During adjustments, axial play of large and small bevel gears will make tooth clearance and tooth flank imprints have changes.	齒面接觸印痕的檢查是用着色法檢查。 即在大錐齒輪的齒面上塗一層薄而均勻的紅鉛油，然後轉動齒輪數圈。
In 2007, American-funded companies in China enjoyed a 17% increase of profit, while domestically the profit of U.S.  businesses dropped by 3% on average.	2007年，美國在華投資的公司利潤增長17%，而美國企業在本土的利潤平均下滑3%。
With the growth of democracy and the spread of wealth, no-one need be shut out from the bourgeois life. Everybody can be middle class.	隨着民主的發展和健康的傳播，沒有人會再被拒絕在中產階級生活的門外，每個人都能是中產階級。
In addition to the two industry standard benchmarks in the previous two sections, the 3-tier SAP SD standard application benchmark represents the de facto standard for ERP benchmarks.	除了前兩節中提到的兩個業界標準基準，3-層 SAP SD 標準應用程序基準代表了 ERP 基準事實上的標準。
After United's 3-0 victory on Tuesday night, O'Shea said: "Celtic will come out and attack at home."	在星期二晚上曼聯3：0大勝凱爾特人後，奧謝說：“凱爾特人會在主場主動進攻。
If you go to Aberdeen on Hong Kong Island, you will see Ocean Park.	如果你到港島香港仔，你會看到海洋公園。
Sometimes it's too much - I just want to be a normal child with a normal family.	有時候我真受不了---我只是想作一個普通家庭裏的一個普通的孩子。
That was the only way I was going to survive, " she said, referring to the double-ended paddle used on sea kayaks."	那是我唯一可以倖存下來的方法。” 當提到海面皮船上用的雙端船槳時，她這樣說。
A process for preparing cinnamaldehyde from cassia oil with using molecular distillation was investigated.	利用分子蒸餾技術對肉桂油分離提純肉桂醛工藝技術條件進行了研究。
The gallery program has alternated between monographic exhibitions devoted to the work of established artists and thematic exhibitions organized by recognized scholars in the field.	前波畫廊的展覽主要包括兩種形式，一種是已經較有名氣的藝術家的個人展覽，另一種是由着名學者和藝評人策劃的主題展覽。
If you want to tune up your display for image or text display, we have the tools included out of the box.	如果你想爲圖像和文字顯示調校顯示器，我們有了內置的工具。
"the best estimate is that 40 percent of all Americans suffer from shyness, " says Zimbardo.	津巴爾多說：“估計有多達40％的美國人受這種羞怯心理的折磨”。
Micro-IR spectroscopy is used to analyze the components of the fluid-melt inclusion, in which organic matter is not unique methane phase.	利用顯微紅外光譜定性研究流體-熔融包裹體中的物相，其有機物不只是單一的甲烷相；
Question2: Please provide the arrangement plan of the station and yard with elevation of surrounding roads and control points.	問題2：請提供帶有周邊規劃道路及控制點標高的站場平面佈置圖。
Use the correct voltage electrical equipment and correct wattage light bulb for all light fittings.	使用正確電壓之電器產品；及於燈具裝置上裝上正確負荷燈泡。
The manager was sympathetic, but he could do nothing. 'Everyone's losing money these days, ' he said.	經理深表同情，但卻無能爲力。“現在大家都在丟錢，”他說。
Prime Minister Fukuda shared with me the fond memories of the Japanese people of the Tokyo Olympic Games in 1964 and I fully understood how they felt.	福田首相曾對我談及日本人民對1964年東京奧運會的真摯情感，聞後感同身受。
It was confirmed by the failure swing, breaking out of the pennant formation and breaking the support line.	同時它也被失效的震盪、突破三角旗形以及突破趨勢線所確認。
Based on above considerations, in this paper, thermal physical parameters of casting alloy were tested firstly to assure the acquirement of reliable simulation results.	基於以上考慮，本文首先進行了鑄件合金的熱物性能的測定，以確保獲得可靠的數值模擬結果；
Michael took his first computer class this year; he has no machine of his own to hone his skills.	而邁克爾則是今年纔開始學計算機的，家裏也沒有自己的計算機來提高他的技能。
Participants can help meetings run more smoothly by volunteering to serve as moderator, keeping people on-topic and sticking to time limits.	參會者可以主動發揮主持人角色，讓大家不離題、不超時，從而幫助會議開得更加順利。
And given those types of input, will get back output.	然後鑑於輸入類型返回結果輸出。
In order to alleviate the long retransmission intervals brought by long propagation delays, bulk retransmissions are introduced to retransmit the lost packets in time.	爲了克服由大時延帶來的重傳時間間隔過大的缺點，採用了批量重傳來及時重傳丟失的報文段；
Disagreement is what propels all of science. Proof and disproof seems almost a requirement on the road to consensus.	分歧是推動科學的動力，證明與否定是走上共識的必經歷程。
Directories generally do not support complicated transaction or roll-back schemes found in database management systems designed for handling high-volume complex updates.	目錄通常不支持在數據庫管理系統中爲處理大量複雜更新而設計的併發事務或者回滾機制。
The root production ("para") succeeds and ends at offset 289 (the length of the source text).	根產品（“para”）取得成功並結束於偏移量 289 處（源文本的長度）。
But the Dallas-based carrier isn't just looking at Boeing.	但這家總部位於達拉斯的承運商不僅僅只是眷顧波音。
Where do we need to add some scripting in order to start those tasks once the server is up and running?	我們需要在何處添加腳本可以讓服務器一啓動並運行時就開始那些任務？
The ancient black cattle were displaced by the long-horns, and that these "were swept away by the short horns as if by some murderous pestilence."	古代的黑牛被花角牛所替代，而長角牛“又爲 短角牛 所排擠，好象給某種殘酷的瘟疫所掃除一樣”。
Today in 1997, Diana died in Paris - but the public's love of the People's Princess continues.。。	1997年的今天(8月31日)，英國前王妃戴安娜在巴黎香消玉殞，但公衆仍舊愛戴這位“人民的王妃”。
While they may be a tough sell due to limited budgets, underserved regions often need government-mandated upgrades and may have access to helpful government incentives.	雖然他們可能是一個艱難的銷售，由於預算有限，缺醫少藥的地區往往需要政府授權的升級和可能接觸到有用的政府獎勵。
The double source CT scanner has the extremely prominent superiority in the heart image formation, may demonstrate the more heart structure detail.	雙源CT掃描機在心臟成像上具有極爲突出的優勢，可顯示更多的心臟結構細節。
These solutions address the explosion of data volumes across financial markets in high-velocity trading and analytic environments.	這些解決方案可以解決金融市場的高週轉貿易和分析環境中涌現的大量數據。
Gordimer's fiction has been the subject of much commentary in South Africa over the years.	戈迪默的小說已多年來在南非引起了很大評論的話題。
China will take on Japan in their quarterfinal match in Qinhuangdao this Friday.	中國女足將在北京時間的週五在秦皇島迎戰四分之一決賽的對手日本隊。
In the past it was frequently safe to assume that any relationship between the Oscars and artistic quality was coincidental.	過去，奧斯獎的得主與藝術價值之間的任何聯繫幾乎都可以理解爲巧合。
The index then rallied 1 percent from that session low to close on Friday at 1,271.50. It also scored its first weekly gain in the last seven weeks.	該指標指數週四盤中低位恰好落在200日移動均值上,隨後週五從該低點揚升1%,收於1,271.50,並錄得過去七週以來的首次周度升幅.
The resulting code consisted of 52 source files in 9 packages, compiled to 118K (in 5 Blackberry-format .COD files).	結果代碼由 9 個包中的 52 個源文件組成，編譯後達到 118K （在 5 個 Blackberry 格式的 .COD 文件中）。
CONCLUSION Cisplatin Bletilla striata microspheres made by this preparative technique can be used for the embolization and chemical therapy of the patients with hepatic carcinoma.	結論該微球製備工藝可行，製得的順鉑白及膠微球可達到介入栓塞和化療的雙重目的，適用於肝癌患者的介入栓塞治療。
Socio-linguistics is an interdisciplinary subject, which came into existence in the mid-1960s. It focuses on various linguistic differences and various social factors resulting in these differences.	社會語言學是上世紀60年代中期興起的一門邊緣學科，研究各種語言差異和造成差異的各種社會因素。
Have you got some unfinished business?	你還有未竟的事業？
MPlayer is also required, along with any of the associated video codecs you may require to read or write your desired movie formats.	MPlayer 同樣必要，另外還有讀或寫所期望的影片格式時您可能需要的任何相關的視頻編碼解碼器。
Legend tells of goblins hiding out in forests, pulling pranks and sometimes switching human babies for their own changeling spawn.	傳說中的小妖精出沒於森林中，經常玩些小把戲，有時也會將自己丑陋的孩子和人類的嬰兒互換。
Former Argentine soccer head coach Diego Maradona arrived in Beijing Wednesday and started a 10-day China tour, people.com.cn reported.	據人民網報道，阿根廷"球王"馬拉多納3日抵達北京，開始爲期10天的中國行。
Thy Lord knows best, and He has the clouds and the sun at His disposal. --Selected.	你的主無所不知，雲和太陽，都受他的使喚與調節。
Examination is still an effective means in the educational evaluation. As for our country, pen-and-paper exam is still the mainstream of the large-scale exam.	考試仍然是教育評價的有效手段，就我國而言，紙筆考試仍然是大規模考試的主流。
SecuriMetrics’ products are used by DOD, various intelligence agencies and by corrections and law enforcement agencies.	SecuriMetrics的產品已經被美國國防部、多個情報機關以及勞教和執法機關使用。
The physical model of cantilever board in bench blasting is firstly presented and based on the hypothesis, a formula for calculating the charge weight in the MS delay bench blasting is also derived.	首先提出臺階巖體爆破的懸臂薄板物理模型，並在此基礎上建立了臺階多排微差爆破的炸藥量計算公式。
The charge came from Moses as he transferred leadership to Joshua, who would lead God's people into the promised land.	約書亞將要帶領神的子民進入應許之地，這番話是摩西委任約書亞作領袖時所說的訓勉。
With attractive modeling and suitable for display on the shelves, and can be stand-up with zippers, excellent seal performance of zippers(optional), suitable for repeated use.	產品造型獨特，挺度好，適合於貨架擺放，可自立並帶拉鍊，拉鍊（自選）封合性能優良，適合多次使用。
We fought for the democracy of our nation..	我們是爲了自己國家的民主而奮戰......
Garrett says he's been consulting for Twitter for the past few months, via 463 Communications.	加勒特說他已經通過463公關公司爲Twitter做了幾個月的諮詢工作。
This tendency has now appeared in the right wing of the Anti-Japanese National United Front.	這個傾向在現時是發生於抗日民族統一戰線的右翼集團中。
WHO Director-General Dr LEE Jong-wook encouraged delegates to determine the best ways to bring available health solutions to everyone who needs them.	世衛組織總幹事李鍾郁博士鼓勵代表們確定最佳途徑，使需要的每一個人都能獲得現有的衛生解決辦法。
Kunz notes that Apple has registered a patent for a new kind of 3D technology that doesn't require special glasses and also allows multiple people to watch from different positions.	昆茲表示，蘋果已經爲一種新型三維技術申請了專利，該技術不但無需使用特製的眼鏡，而且允許多個觀衆從不同位置觀看。
And they have started their own production company, Red House Pictures.	現在他們已經開始了屬於他們的製作公司---紅房子寫照。
Another company I follow is Pediment Gold.	另一家公司是山花我遵循黃金。
In Australia, this variety is called "Traminer".	在澳洲也稱塔明那。
Spring jiao know BingYin sicken, specially with ginseng to come to the mining minister, says ginseng is selling decorations, but found that ginseng is mining minister for spring flower.	春嬌得知丙寅患病，特意帶同人蔘前來交給採臣，說人蔘是變賣飾物而來，但採臣卻發現人蔘實爲送給春花的賀禮。
It was expected that the strain would at some point show resistance to Tamiflu, Denmark's State Serum Institute said.	丹麥國家血清研究所說，此前已經預料到病變會在一定程度上表現出對達菲的抗藥性。
Conclusion It is good application prospects to determine the LDH isoenzyme by improvement agarose gel electrophoresis method.	結論改良瓊脂糖凝膠電泳法測定血清LDH同工酶應用前景良好。
He says affairs between teachers and sixth-formers could be "educative on both sides"; public outcry ensues.	他說老師和六年級中學生談戀愛“對雙方都具教育意義”，引發了公衆的聲討。
It is reported that 67 firms in Anhui Province have taken 98 projects to the Fair.	據瞭解，本屆高交會，全省共有67家企業攜98個項目參展。
Legalising marijuana will slash cartel profits while providing annual savings and taxes of $43bn a year to the US economy.	大麻合法化將削減毒梟的利潤，同時，每年可爲美國經濟節省和上繳稅金430億美元。
Do not pressurize or expose to open flame or heat.	不要給空容器加壓，不要放在明火或熱源附近。
You don't need me to explain the luck, I guess.	關於幸運之神眷顧，我猜完全用不着解釋了。
Another Premiership player who could be heading for La Liga is Liverpool goalkeeper Jerzy Dudek.	另一位超級聯賽球員可能前往西班牙聯賽的是利物浦門將杜德克。
"Before we were married, my husband was a caring, energetic man, " a wife once told me. "He couldn't seem to keep his hands off me.	一個妻子曾對我說：“結婚前，我丈夫是一個關心體貼，精力充沛的人，他的手好像沒法從我身上移開。
Said device can make the gas range save energy by 30%, the temperature of gas range increase by 28%.	該逸熱回收器，可使燃氣竈節能30％以上，提高爐溫28％，並有抗風、穩定、撲鍋不息火等功能。
The 46th World Conker Championships was held in Northamptonshire October 10. More than 1, 000 people turned up for the event.	10月10日，第46屆世界板栗錦標賽在英國北安普敦郡舉行。
The movie was the highest-grossing film Universal made, a record it held for 20 years until the making of Jaws.	這部電影成了環球電影出品的票房榜首之作，這一紀錄一直持續20年才被《大白鯊》打破。
Better still, whereas the findings of historians and scientists are always revisable in principle, it's plausible that the truths conceptual analysis reveals are necessary.	還有更妙的，歷史學家和科學家的發現在原則上總是有改進和更新的餘地，而概念分析所揭示的真理則是必然的、永恆的真理。
I ask you to save me from my past, my regrets, my mistakes, my sins, my habits, my hurts, and my hang-ups.	我要你救我離開我的過去，我的悔恨、我的錯誤、我的罪、我的習慣、我的傷痛和我的障礙。
I had overlooked the necessity of having an "iron will", my own powers of will having little or none of this peculiar metallic quality.	我忽略了擁有“鋼鐵般意志”的必要性，我自己的意志力中很少或乾脆沒有這種特殊的金屬性質。
The specifics of any proposed changes to the rules, such as whether confirmations would be required in the case of the UBS trader's alleged unauthorized ETF trades, still are unclear, she said.	她說，對現行規定的任何擬議調整具體細節仍不清楚，比如在瑞銀交易員涉嫌進行的未經授權的ETF交易中，是否需要進行確認。
The highlight of the party is when the baby must choose an object that will symbolize her future.	晚會的高潮是寶寶“抓週”，寶寶隨手抓到的物體象徵的他的未來。
Thirdly, we design two complex structure models by using finite-difference simulation.	第三，結合差分法正演模擬設計了兩個構造相對複雜的正演模型。
Most importantly, use what you know about a job -- current duties, reporting chain, salary, benefits, etc -- to decide whether or not to accept the job.	最重要的是，利用你對工作的瞭解——現在職務，報告鏈，薪水，福利等——來決定是否接受這份工作。
One group of participants received two nutritional counseling sessions of 40-60 mins each, while another group received a more intensive schedule of seven sessions over six months.	六個月中，一組參與者參加了兩場40—60分鐘的營養諮詢課；
Once the completion port has been created and sockets have been associated with it, one or more threads are needed to process the completion notifications.	在創建了完成端口、將一個或多個套接字與之相關聯之後，我們就要創建若干個線程來處理完成通知。
According to this principle, we made a quantitative interpretation on thickness of oil-bearing sand bed in bottom member of Dongying formation in south Bohai sea.	我們根據這一原理實現了對渤海南部東營組下段含油砂層厚度的定量解釋。
The infection can reach all the way to the brain. All these're from the bite of the tense fly.	這種感染能通過所有路徑到達大腦，此感染來自於一種飛蠅的叮咬。
What is more, we have other two factories which are in Shanghai and Suzhou in China to supply the local market.	另外，在上海和蘇州也有設廠，以供應當地市場爲主。
In that world, they understand that investments in automated inspection and in earlier process measurement are the key.	在製造業中，人們知道：在自動化檢查和早期流程度量方面的投資是關鍵。
Ms. or whatever is appropriate. To those outside the company, it may be interpreted as a sign of flippancy or lax discipline.	有的公司嚴肅正式，稱呼一律要帶上“先生、女士”等字樣，有的則很寬鬆，直呼名字就可以了。
A Floquet analysis is used to predict the stability of steady-state harmonic responses, and study the solution's jump, bifurcation and chaos phenomena.	最後，應用運動穩定性理論和分叉理論，研究了零解和非零解的穩定性，研究了船舶運動的分叉和混沌。
We should consider the influence of damage in the battlefield for the airplane which is designed for viability.	按生存力設計原則而設計的軍用飛機，應考慮戰時彈擊損傷對飛機的影響。
Flour baking quality is positively correlated to the content of polar lipids, particularly glycolipids.	麪粉的焙烤品質同極性脂類的含量成正相關，尤其是糖脂。
Chapter Four have expounded the ensurance measures on teaching management in levels of middle vocational school.	第四章闡明瞭中等職業學校分層次教學管理的保障措施。
The molecules in the mixture then automatically arrange themselves into long strings or wires, with the organic molecules on the outside and the salt in the centre.	混合物內的分子會自動排列成一串細線，有機分子在外圍，鎵鹽在中心。
RongSheng catch girl be fond of romantic characteristic, reasonable of SongChuChu devouring books make romance to her.	榮生抓住女孩都喜好浪漫的特點，合理宋楚楚的下懷，給她製造浪漫。
Endoscopic ultrasonography(EUS) has been applying in more and more fields because of its unique function in recent years.	超聲內鏡因具有獨特的功能，其臨牀應用價值正被不斷地擴展。
However, regulatory compliance require­ments vary by jurisdiction and are complex and often contradictory.	然而，監管的要求是隨着司法系統變化的，複雜而且時常相互矛盾。
And the old man took then from his turban a scarf of figured silk, and bound with it the eyes of the Star-Child, and drave him in front of him.	老男人取下他的絲質頭巾綁住星孩的雙眼，推着他往前走。
Armani has said he wants to bring back the city of Milan to the glorious days of Mike D’Antoni and Bob McAdoo.	阿瑪尼表示他希望能爲這座城市重現麥克德安東尼和鮑勃麥卡杜當年的輝煌。
we have quite a number of studies in Uruguay, [where there were] big floods in 2000-2002, that seem to indicate that a fairly small part of the flooding could be ascribed to global warming.	烏拉圭曾在2000-2002年間多次爆發了大洪水，但我們在當地做的多項研究表明，造成洪水的原因並不主要是全球變暖。
Deciding microwave anechoic chamber dimensions in terms of measurement project and EUT(equipment under test) dimensions.	根據測試項目和被測件的大小，決定暗室的尺寸。
When you are in love, what in your eyes are all happy singles.	當你戀愛的時候，你看到的都是快樂的單身族。
Red edge position (REP, 680-780 nm) has been used for evaluating crop leaves nitrogen status.	紅邊位置常被用於監測作物葉片氮素營養狀況。
But I agree with him that “unlabeled, it’s a fun test of your knowledge of nations , can you guess them all?”	不過他希望不公佈這些國名，我同意他這個想法。 這是一項考察你對世界各國知識的有趣測試，你能全部猜中嗎？
Eco-fashion has certainly proved that it has enough caché in the fashion world.	生態時裝還證明它在時尚界有着足夠的影響力。
Health systems are complex adaptive systems and their different components can interact in unexpected ways.	衛生系統是複雜的自適應系統，各個環節以意想不到的方式相互作用。
Annual electricity in the world for Internet use is 588 billion kWH for PCs and monitors, 167 billion kWH for modems and routers, 112.5 kWH for data centers and 1 billion kWH for phone networks.	世界每年用於互聯網的電力分佈爲，電腦和顯示器588*10億kWH，數據中心112.5*10億kWH，貓和路由器167*10億kWH，電話網絡1*10億kWH。
When it was installed, this was believed to be the largest residential solar-electric system in the United States.	當它被安裝之時，就被公認爲美國最大的住宅太陽能電力系統。
According to GPS observation dada and analysis, the fitting precision of GPS height reach the standard of photo control point in plain.	結合GPS實際工程分析，GPS高程擬合精度在平原地區可達到像控點高程精度要求。
The content and requirement of authority of law consist in paramountcy, supreme sacredness, utmost valuableness and complete faith.	法律至上、法律至聖、法律至貴、法律至信共同構成法律權威的內容和要求。
I often take issue with teaching software engineering practices that many students will never use in their careers.	我經常教授一些學生們將永遠不會在他們的職業生涯中使用的軟件工程學實踐。
Don't speak in such abstract terms.	不要這樣抽象地談問題。
I think my brother has finally kicked the gambling habit.	我想我哥哥算是絕對改掉牌賭的惡習啦。
And so I have tried to follow that out-and not to worry about the future or what was going to happen. I think I am pretty much of a fatalist.	這就是我一直奉行的生活原則------不擔心未來的事，也不爲下一刻發生的事操心。
However, the moonlit glare washes this rather faint constellation from the sky tonight.	儘管如此，月光洗去了今晚天際中星星們昏暗的光。
To do this, either press the CTRL^T keys, or click Query , and then click Results in Text .	爲此，請按 Ctrl^T 鍵，或者單擊 查詢 ，然後單擊“文本顯示結果”。
However, in determining what the God-taught writer is asserting in each passage, we must pay the most careful attention to its claims and character as a human production.	然而，我們在詮釋每段經文，判斷這些蒙神指教的作者在其中所要表明的意思時，必須非常小心注意該段經文的宣稱及其人類作品的特色。
The evolution of the Mesozoic-Cenozoic basin is controlled by the paleotectonic framework and Ganjiang faulting belt in the mid-episode of Yanshan movement.	中-新生代盆地發育演化受燕山運動中期古構造格局和贛江斷裂帶活動的控制。
This pleasant state of affairs had continued peacefully and uninterruptedly for many years.	這種快樂的境況平靜地、不間斷地持續了多年。
The amount of time you spend alone has little to do with being lonely.	你大部分獨自一人的時間想必和寂寞扯不上什麼關係。
But modern moral philosophy not only changes the requirement of human nature but shift the emphasis of the question on social respect and recognition of human being.	而現代道德哲學中的尊嚴或自尊概念不僅改變了對人性的要求，而且更注重於社會對人的尊重和承認。
To begin with, as TV has taught us once and again, the single-occupant home can be a breeding ground for eccentricities.	首先，正如電視一再讓我們看到的那樣，獨佔的家可能成爲怪異的滋生地。
Some of these toolbar idioms are shown in Figure 23-1.	圖23-1中列出了一些工具欄習慣用法。
Stress variation law about masonry multi-arch dam is brought up a and the final stabilization layout to Pingqiao masonry multi-arch dam is decided.	分析各加固方案對砌石連拱壩應力影響的基本規律，並確定適合本工程項目的加固方案；
A common type in this category is the "facilitating payment"—usually a smaller sum of money—made to certain customs officials to clear cargoes .	這類賄賂中的一種常見形式是“疏通費”，一般數額不太大，爲了讓貨物順利通關而向海關官員支付的錢。
There is one higher mountain on an island near Kagoshima but on mainland Kyuushuu that's the highest peak and it's quite a challenge and there are some beautiful views from that mountain.	鹿兒島附近的一座島上有一座更高的山，不過那是九州內陸地區最高的山峯，那絕對是個挑戰，而且那座山也有很棒的風景。
The addition of Novotel Baiyun Airport Guangzhou will grow Accor's China hotel network to over 40 hotels by the end of 2006 under its Sofitel, Novotel, Century and Ibis brands.	廣州諾福特白雲機場酒店的加盟將使雅高在中國經營的酒店在2006年底前達到40餘家。雅高使用的品牌包括了索菲特、諾福特、世紀和宜必思等。
I was reading a series in GQ called 10 Essentials where a designer or stylish celebrity names 10 things that are essential to them.	我在看一系列要素在gq叫了10個設計或有十位的名字是必要的。
So in the interest of helping out the next generation of thieves, I'm going to offer you a few pointers.	所以，爲了有助於下一代遊蕩者們，我準備教你幾招。
"A Visit from the Goon Squad" also imagines a future with miles of solar panels in the desert, placed where lawns and golf courses once stood.	《惡棍來襲》中也描寫了一幅未來的圖景，在沙漠裏安上太陽能電池板，把它放置在草坪和高爾夫球場相接的地方。
With the tenet of"industry, innovation, honesty and common benefit ", we offer good quality products and excellent services at a competitive price, popular with users at home and aboard.	秉承“勤業、創新、致誠、共贏” 的辦廠宗旨，以優良的品質、優質的服務、頗具競爭力的價格，受到海內外用戶的青睞。
The most successful Green Party presidential candidate was consumer advocate Ralph Nader, who drew nearly 3 percent of the vote in 2000.	最成功的綠黨總統候選人是消費者保護團體（consumer advocate）倡導者內德（Ralph Nader），他在2000年獲得了近3%的票數。
Gwyn: Let me take a look.	格溫：讓我來看看。
Adjust the density (amount of ink) of the print.	調整打印時墨點的密度。
Entering the game, the "crossed" function keys control the direction of Garfield, press the middle one to choose.	進入遊戲，被越過的功能鑰匙控制加菲爾德的方向，按中央一選擇。
In the former case, the model would then have irrelevant and potentially sensitive profiles; in the latter, the models could easily get out of sync.	在以前的情況中，模型會變成不相關及潛在敏感的概要文件；再後來，模型就可以輕鬆擺脫同步化了。
The online students will not get Stanford grades or credit, but they will be ranked in comparison to the work of other online students and will receive a “statement of accomplishment.	網上的學生不會得到斯坦福的成績或學分，但是會與其他在網上學習的學生一起進行排名，並會獲得“結業證明”。
Medical service contract is a kind of contract for commission.	醫療服務合同具有委託合同的基本屬性。
When Google bought YouTube in 2006, it was already a popular site for streaming video--but naysayers questioned the acquisition's $1.65 billion price tag, and for years the site was shedding money.	當谷歌在2006年買下這個網站的時候，它已經是一個流行的串流影像網站了。
For young people aged 25 to 34 the number shoots up to a startling 77 percent.	而在25歲至34歲之間的年輕人中，這一比例竟達到了77%。
Elevational and latitudinal trends were not pronounced.	海拔和緯度的變化趨勢不明顯。
At one point Monday afternoon, Red Shirts briefly occupied offices of the Election Commission.	星期一下午，一些紅衫軍成員曾一度佔領選舉委員會辦公室。
Aimed at a long-range and multi-endpoint data collection, we have proposed 10M/100M Ethernet-based high-speed data collection system design.	本文針對遠距離、多端點數據採集，提出了基於10/100M以太網的高速數據採集系統設計。
Objective To explore the relationship between activated lymph cell and proliferative vitreous retinopathy(PVR).	目的探討激活淋巴細胞與實驗性增殖性玻璃體視網膜病變（PVR）的關係。
As the Lunar New Year festival is drawing near, most of the Chinese household kitchens in Hong Kong are engaged in a bustle of frying activities with characterize the advent of the New year.	由於農曆年臨近了，香港大多數家庭的廚房都忙做一團，大家都要開油鍋炸東西這是農曆歲末一個特色。
For instance, in most UNIX implementations, the /usr directory tree seldom needs to be written, so it can be mounted read only.	例如，在大多數 UNIX 實現中，很少需要寫 /usr 目錄樹，所以可以把它掛裝爲只讀的。
Teach for America is a non-profit program that places new teachers in schools in low-income areas across the country.	美國援教是一項非營利性項目，目的是給美國低收入地區的學校安排新教師。
According to a poll this May, 49 percent of Americans are for birthright citizenship, while 46 percent against.	今年5月的民調顯示，49%的美國公民支援”出生公民權”，46%的人則表示反對。
Throughout human history, visionaries as diverse as Immanuel Kant and Martin Luther King Jr. have prophesied the end of war or the threat thereof as a means of resolving disputes between nations.	在整個人類歷史上，許多偉大的思想家論述過戰爭，伊曼努爾·康德(Immanuel Kant) 曾提出以預防性戰爭作爲解決兩國爭端的手段，馬丁·路德·金(Martin Luther King Jr.) 則預言戰爭終將結束。
And the Northwest Passage in the Arctic became ice-free for the first time in living memory.	在當今人們的記中，北極西北航道首次成爲無冰航道。
I'm one hundred percent sure he's falling in love with you.	我百分之百肯定他愛上了你。
In this way, from a homework, a practical example, the moral standard "cooperation" is well teached to the students, and they can understand and accept it well too.	這樣，由一次作業，一件實際的事例，就把“合作”這一道德標準很好地傳授給學生，學生也能很好地理解和接受。
Suitable Media: Natural Gas, Manufactured Gas, liquefied gas, air and other non-corrosive medias.	適用介質：天然氣，人工煤氣，液化氣，空氣等非腐蝕性介質；
Call waiting worked like using my actual cellphone, except I pressed different buttons on the 5145 to 'swap' calls.	使用5145接電話與使用手機沒什麼差別，除了接聽按鍵不同以外。
Traditional values in our heritage that are proven viable should be retained and developed into "new values" needed for the future.	如果傳統的一些舊 價值是好的，就應該要延續，發展成 未來需要的“新 價值”。
Maleic anhydride production scale ranked the top five with the industry, products have been exported to the world more than 50 countries and regions.	順酐生產規模位居全國同行業前五位，產品已遠銷到世界50多個國家和地區。
The effect of the esterification on contact angle is obviously bigger than that of graft copolymerization.	酯化處理所產生的接觸角增大作用要比接枝共聚所產生的作用大；
It's easy to see why you might think that sort of thing when you stick to simple machines.	你對於簡單機器抱有這種想法,是很自然的事
Anti-Semitism is Just as a Multi-prisms, which reflects the entire modern history, especially all the history of totalitarianism.	反猶主義就如一面多棱鏡，它折射的是整個現代歷史尤其是極權主義歷史的全部。
Xiao Hong with her wisdom to write the life in the Northeast , because of loving and eager to express .	蕭紅用她的智慧書寫着東北這片她熟知的黑土地，因爲熱愛，所以熱衷於表達。
Result The incidence of the primary spontaneous pneumothorax was 69% and the incidence of the secondary spontaneous pneumothorax was 31%.	結果原發性自發性氣胸發生率爲6 9% ，繼發性自發性氣胸發生率31% ；
Therefore, pulse electro-coagulation floatation technology is wide applicability in wastewater, and can be well applied in treating emulsified oil wastewater.	因此電凝聚氣浮技術對廢水的適用性很強，能很好的應用於含油廢水的處理。
To summarize the effects of rehabilitation nursing for 112 stroke patients with dysphagia.	總結了112例腦卒中患者吞嚥障礙的康復護理體會。
In order to understand the source and mechanism of this quality, a study was conducted to look into the chemical nature of roasted coffee, with respect to its antioxidant properties.	研究人員爲了搞清楚這種特性的原理機制，就其抗氧化性能進行了化學性質方面的研究。
Black rhino poop was standing at $255, Indian was at $250 and white was at $122.50.	黑犀牛糞爲255美元， 印度犀牛糞和白犀牛糞分別爲250美元和122.5美元。
He had paid her six months in advance, and had commissioned the old woman to furnish the chamber and dressing-room, as we have seen.	他預付了六個月的租金，並且委託老奶奶把大小兩間屋子裏的傢俱佈置好，佈置情形是我們見到過的。
Summer mother see high well-being despise jinyuan, suddenly angry fan high well-being a box on the ear.	夏母見高存善輕視金元滿，忽然發怒煽了高存善一個耳光。
Within three months of his birth, his father had left the family home and his mother had begun a relationship with a man she met in a pub.	25歲的母親在16歲那年遇到了33歲的父親。 他出生還沒過3個月，父親就離開了家，於是母親開始和在俱樂部認識的一名男子交往。
After the day I discussed with Confucius about the signification of overall talent and the virtue beyond deformity and then I knew that I am short of talent and virtue.	自從那天我與孔子促膝長談，並徹底討論了才全與德不形的意義之後，我才深深地瞭解到自己的才、德俱不足。
The epistatic effects could not be ignored in tobacco breeding. They were one of main causes of heterosis for most characters.	互作效應普遍存在，是菸草性狀雜種優勢表現的主要原因之一。
In finished essays any and all references must be cited. Essays must conform to MLA standards.	每份已完成的評論都必須詳列參考資料，並採用MLA格式。
Moreover, the lack of a clear vision of the product architecture hinders team understanding and communication, which in turn often increases the risk of integration issues.	此外，對於產品架構缺乏清晰的視圖會影響團隊間的理解和交流，而這常常增加了整合問題的風險。
Objective Thess paper analyzed the sterilization and protection of the eyes in the operation of oral and maxillofacial surgery.	目的探討口腔頜面外科手術中消毒及術中對眼部的保護措施。
The new premier is forming his government mainly from young men.	這位新總理主要從年輕人中物色人選組建政府。
The tradition, which has been part of the Ewe culture for centuries, requires a girl to spend the rest of her life as a "wife of the gods".	這項傳統已經在伊維族的社會中流傳數世紀，每當要進行托克西時，就意味有個女孩子她的下半生都要成爲神的妻子。
He got a whole sackful of letters from listeners following the show.	演出後他收到大量的聽衆來信。
Add an RFX function call for each parameter data member you added to the class.	爲已添加到類中的每一個參數數據成員添加 RFX 函數調用。
Gorgeous bride, Wow what a lovely Wedding and the fantastic turnout of Tourans.	美麗的新娘，哇，多麼可愛的婚禮，難以置信有那麼多途安車主出席婚禮。
To hit(a ball) into the air just beyond the infield.	棒球場分爲內場和外場。
Thousands of students at Penn State University and in other college towns spilled into the streets and set off firecrackers to mark the moment.	成千上萬的來自賓夕法尼亞州立大學以及其他大學城的學生們涌入街頭，燃放煙花來慶祝這一特殊時刻。
Products Features: Security: Lock body is made by stainless steel, anti-sabotage.	可靠：國際標準不鏽鋼按鍵，鎖體防水、防潮；
Specially set structure and attach fine-adjustment protection device, flexible adjustments height and force of cutting, can prolong service life of cutting die and cutting rubber board.	特有設定構造，附微調保護裝置，靈活調設裁斷高度和裁斷力度，能延長刀模和裁斷板的使用壽命。
Mr Musyoka went to Uganda to back President Yoweri Museveni's election campaign;	穆西約卡先生去到烏干達支持它的總統韋裏•穆塞韋尼的選舉運動；
She had on her regular cotton sari, but wrapped over it was the fluffy, baby blue cashmere shawl that Jennifer had brought for her from America.	她穿上了她平日穿的那件棉花莎麗（印度次大陸婦女傳統穿的用以裹身的整段棉布或綢緞），披上珍妮從美國給她買來的那件淡藍色的羊絨披肩。
If you don't like the weather at front window, see the weather at back window. (	如果你不喜歡前窗的天氣，不妨看看後窗的。
Thers is a forg who likes telling stories in the forg-kingdom. Look, it is speaking right now…	青蛙王國裏有一隻愛說故事的青蛙，你也可以說它是一隻愛編故事的青蛙。你瞧，它又在說故事了……
We gotta house and chickens an' fruit trees an' a place a hunderd time prettierthan this.	我們有房子，有果樹，有小雞，有比這兒好百倍的地方。
Investigations led to the diagnosis and treatment of subclavian artery stenosis.	檢查明確鎖骨下動脈狹窄的診斷和治療。
"Sitting at 60,000 feet it's ideal for getting a line of sight between two people in different valleys," Saltmarsh said. "But it could also carry surveillance payloads."	“坐落60,000英尺以上的高空中，它可以完美地成爲讓兩個在不同山谷里人之間的都可以看到”，索爾特馬什說。 “但它也可以進行監督有效的負載。”
Super Girl was based on an annual national contest held by HST since May 2009.	“快樂女聲”是由湖南衛視基於一項全國年度賽事的基礎之上創辦的，於2009年5月拉開帷幕。
When we see medallists standing on the podium at medal ceremonies, don't forget the pain and hard work they have endured.	當我們看到得獎運動員於頒獎禮時站在臺上，請不要忘記他們曾忍受的痛苦與下過的苦功。
A survey of articles in recent issues of the journal Inorganic Chemistry indicates that perhaps 70% could be considered to deal with coordination compounds.	一項對“無機化學雜誌”近期刊登論文的調查表明：大約70%的論文是關於配位化合物的。
Marian Dragulescu of Romania launches from the vault during the qualification round of the Gymnastics World Championships in London October 13, 2009.	羅馬尼亞的德勒古列斯庫瑪麗安發射期間在倫敦2009年10月13日的體操世界錦標賽資格賽的跳馬。
Dgalactose; Thymus gland removal; Nerve cells apoptosis; Mitochondria membrane potential; Aging model.	D半乳糖；摘除胸腺；神經細胞凋亡；線粒體膜電位；衰老模型。
But sooner or later we will return to our emotional set-point.	但是遲早我們會返回到我們的情感點。
Where is he?” asked Della eagerly.	他在哪裏呀？” 黛拉急切地問。
As an entry point to Jade-Yue of China's ancient civilization, through analysis, interpretation the social relationships behind it, to explore a new approach to the origin of civilization.	以玉鉞作爲探討中國古代文明的切入點，通過分析研究，解讀玉鉞背後的社會關係，是一個探討文明起源的新途徑。
By comparison, MySpace users' median age is 26, down from 27 in May 2008, while LinkedIn is 39, down from 40.	相比之下，Myspace用戶的中位數年齡爲26歲，比起2008年五月的27歲有所下降；LinkedIn用戶的從40歲降到39歲。
The paper studied 7 case Masked civet of dystocia in farm condition.	本文對7例在養殖條件下難產的花面狸進行了研究。
Jimmy Mitchell, 46, and his wife and two children have been living in a loaned camper for more than week on the grounds of the Paul Battle Arena and Exposition Center.	吉姆.米切爾，46歲，他和他的妻子以及兩個孩子已經在保羅競技場的廣場上和博覽會中心露營一週多了。
The impulse response of a digital reverberation processor often has a very long length, which makes the real-time processing very difficult with small error, store and delay.	混響效果器的衝激響應常常具有很長的長度，應用目前常規濾波器的設計方法很難在實時處理的條件下使誤差、存儲量和延遲較小。
I love the subject.	我喜歡這個主題。
Activated carbon with decolorization capability to caramel was prepared from Yilan coal by activation with water vapor.	以依蘭煤爲原料，採用水蒸氣活化法，製備出了具有焦糖脫色力的活性炭。
Only by integrating new education in ethics-subjective ethical personality education into present education in ethics, can we put the present education in ethics into intrinsic state.	必須用新的道德教育——主體性道德人格教育對現行道德教育進行整合才能使現行道德教育進入應然狀態。
On Tuesday, the Federal Reserve Board said emergency conditions, including Wachovia's weakened financial state, warranted quick approval of the Wells Fargo transaction.	美國聯邦儲備理事會(美聯儲,FED)週二表示,由於情況緊急,包括瓦喬維亞財務狀況惡化,應儘快批准富國的收購交易.
Micro - electroforming is characterized by both resist - patterned electroplating and resist - structural electrodepositing.	微電鑄工藝兼具掩膜電鍍和厚膜結構電鑄的雙重特徵。
Do you think I am rich enough to make it?I am thinking about buying the apartment by installments.The real estate agency says if I pay a 20% down payment, I can move in at once.	你以爲我有那麼多錢?我在考慮申請分期付款.房產商說如果我首付百分之二十房款就可以馬上入住.
Thousands of antihydrogen atoms have been made in the lab, but in the most successful experiment so far, 38 have been trapped long enough - one tenth of a second - for them to be studied.	成千上萬的反氫原子在這個實驗室中製造出來，但目前爲止最成功的就是38個被捕獲長達1/10秒的反氫原子，時間長到足以被觀察研究。
The content of this page is from the CHABLIS port or CHABLIS customs import and export company directory;	本頁面內容主要是來自CHABLIS 港口或CHABLIS 海關的進出口公司目錄；
Four and nine younger sister said, quickly taking giant on lingshan, big sister believed in the giants a lie, also thought he was injured, also ran to ask mother for his healing.	四喜和九妹見狀，急忙扶擎天上靈山，大妹信了擎天的一通謊話，也以爲他受了傷，還跑去求母親爲他療傷。
In Summer nights, its large terrace offers a great "chill-out" and view over River Tagus.	在夏天的夜晚，它的大露臺提供了一個偉大的“冷出”在塔霍河和看法。
So, this year the half of the women and women that transport new fashion colour is what?	那麼，今年車市的女性流行色和女性用車新主張是什麼呢？
There are a lot of exaggerations and falsehoods about the Indians.	關於印第安人有著許多不實之辭及謊言。
During her twelve years as Arkansas' first lady, Hillary Clinton became a well-known activist for women and children.	在身爲阿肯色州州長夫人的12年�，希拉�·克林頓成了知名的婦幼運動人士。
A river of central Europe flowing about904 km( 562 mi) from north-central Czechoslovakia through Poland and Germany to the Baltic Sea. It is a major waterway of Eastern Europe.	奧德河一條歐洲中部的河流，流程約904公里（562英里），從捷克斯洛伐克中北部，經過波蘭和德國流入波羅的海。它是東歐的一條主要水上通道。
Examination forms should not only consider the basics of training, but also consider the capacity-building training;	考試形式既要考慮基礎知識的訓練，又要考慮能力培養的訓練；
This artificial classification not only occupy more human and classification speed, quality exist big problem.	這種人工清分不但佔用較多人力，而且分類速度、質量都存在很大的問題。
Also, we can finally turn the spotlights off.	此外，我們也終於能關上那盞聚光燈了。
But Zhu frankly confides that it is time for him to relax a bit. He plans to have a really nice vacation when he visits Sweden next Spring to receive his award.	不過朱棣文坦承，也該放鬆一下了，預計明年春季趁赴瑞典領獎之際，“好好度一回假”。
As enterprise organization increasingly being in net-work, flat, flexible and diversified, human capital is increasingly dominated by scarcity of resource.	隨着企業組織越來越網絡化、扁平化、靈活化和多元化，人力資本正日益上升爲主導稀缺資源。
The effect of radiation on the variation was different with materials irradiated, dosages and characters observed.	高體輻照的誘變效果，依材料、輻照劑量及性狀而異。
The customers should provide the gene expression plasmid which has been done the fluorescence labelling. We will provide the detail reports and microscopical photos.	技術服務完成後向客戶提供詳細的實驗報告和熒光共聚焦顯微鏡照片。
Health Bureau of Feixi county.	安徽省肥西縣衛生局。
There is no banana ship sort in riotous profusion gorgeous, also be unlike a private's cake sort of cheese only color monotone, Tiramisu whole and harmonious colors, change with the result that .	沒有香蕉船般繽紛豔麗，也不像芝士蛋糕般獨色單調，提拉米蘇整體色彩和諧，變化有致。
Objective To study the changes of serum hepatocyte growth factor in patients with chronic kidney disease, and investigate the the effect of HGF in CKD.	目的瞭解肝細胞生長因子（HGF）在慢性腎臟病（CKD）中的變化，探討HGF在CKD中的作用及臨牀意義。
If you manually control the usage of the shared class data file, be aware that the command-line options are subject to change in a future release -- at least that's what the documentation says.	如果手動地控制共享類數據文件的使用，那麼請當心命令行選項在未來的發行版中可能會變化 —— 至少它的文檔是這麼說的。
The linear bearing guide form precision work makes the milling cutter moving in each direction steady and flexible.	．精加工直線軸承導軌，使銑刀運動的各個方向皆穩定靈活，操作輕鬆自如。
A Christmas tree was placed in the comer of the brilliant hall. How beautiful it was!	聖誕樹放在燈火通明的客廳的一角，實在是太莢了。
From the process that European Union accepts market-based instrument and establishes EU-ETS, the author points out that European Union has changed from follower to leader in emission trading.	從歐盟接受“基於市場的方法”和建立排放交易機制限制溫室氣體排放的立法和實踐過程，作者指出：歐盟排放交易的發展經歷了一個從追隨者到領導者的轉變。
To study more realistic situations, we analyze simulated "real" data based on well-characterized E. coli and S. cerevisiae regulatory networks.	爲了研究更實際的情況，我們基於充分描述的大腸桿菌和酵母調控網絡，分析了模擬的“真實”數據。
Split borrowing requests among several friends to ease the financial burden on your social network.	向不同的朋友借錢，湊成自己所需的數目，這樣可以緩解你社交活動的經濟負擔。
Yang still vividly 2 remembers the day she found Qianqian, still a baby swaddled in a blanket.	楊素蓮依然清楚地記着，她發現倩倩那天，倩倩還是襁褓中的嬰兒。
Feeding system is designed with acentric milling design , which makes the feeding of solder dross continuing, quick and even;	進料系統採用離心攪拌設計，使錫渣的輸入具有連續性既快捷又均勻；
His photo showed him partying in front of a backdrop featuring logos of BMW and Courvoisier cognac, sporting a black jacket adorned with a not-so-subtle white lion.	在他的頭像裏，有寶馬和干邑白蘭地商標作爲背景，他神氣地穿着件黑夾克，衣服上畫有一隻略顯粗糙的白獅子。
From the makers of the apocalyptic sci-fi film "The Day After Tomorrow" comes another disaster film based on the Mayan prophecy "2012."	世界末日的科幻影片《後天》的製片商又推出一部根據於瑪雅人預言製作的災難片《2012年》。
Individuals not eligible to make deductible contributions may make nondeductible contributions, the earnings on which would be tax deferred.	若繳款不符合扣除要求，個人可做出無扣除額的繳款，其收入亦可延稅。
NEW-An expanded, two-part Weekend section. Fridays, with more ideas about movies, shows, art exhibitions, outdoor and indoor recreation.	更多關於電影、節目，藝術展覽，戶外和室內娛樂活動的創意。
In keeping with his philosophy, he was perfectly satisfied with making his home in a large tub discarded from the temple of Cybele , the goddess of nature.	與他的哲學相一致，他拿一個自然之母廟裏丟棄的大壇作爲自己的家，還對此萬分滿意。
The spirit of Chinese national culture is pursuing "conforming to both natural law and human nature"; its philosophical form is life philosophy.	中華民族文化精神是追求“順天應人”，其哲學形態是生命哲學。
In this paper, the system principle block diagram and software flowchart of XSJ-I small power servo system by means of microcomputer control are introduced.	本文介紹了XSJ-I小功率隨動系統引進微機控制後系統原理框圖、系統軟件框圖以及模擬系統與數字系統的性能指標。
The CrossCorrelation is an essential means of getting disturbing industrial frequency.	互相關函數是確定工頻干擾噪聲頻率的一個重要手段。
RIWAY's core mission of "Showing You The Right Way" delineates our determination and passion to transform people's lives, regardless of race, religion, social class or nationality.	力匯的重大使命“引領您走向光明正道”，敘述了我們要改善人們生活的決心與熱忱； 這些人可以來自不同的種族、信仰、階層和國籍。
All this behavior, which was witnessed over a hundred times during 14 years, was not just limited to girl chimps.	這些行爲在十四年間被觀察到了一百多次，不僅限於雌性的小猩猩們。
Dwight: It's a statement about mans tautological search for metaphysical comfort.	德懷特：它講述的是人們反反覆覆尋求一種超自然的安逸。
Microsoft presents results in a straightforward manner with the price of the item and the rebate clearly shown.	微軟非常直接的將產品價格和返利的數額呈現在我面前。
He was not, Teacher Fei replied; it was just that he found the girl’s hatred extraordinary.	他沒有心煩意亂，範老師回答說，他只是感到女孩的仇恨非同尋常。
正如我们所言，基地组织会继续密谋反对我们，他们的领导人仍扎根在阿富汗和巴基斯坦的边界地区。	As we speak, Al Qaeda continues to plot against us, and its leadership remains anchored in the border region of Afghanistan and Pakistan.
This paper expatiates working procedure of spiral steel hoop molding mechanism, and software structure, and implementing method.	文中介紹了螺旋鋼箍成型機的工藝流程以及應用軟件的結構和具體的實現方法。
During these debates, Bear Treasurer Bob Upton scurried between executives' offices, collecting opinions on the text. But after 90 minutes going back and forth, Mr.	在這些爭論中，貝爾斯登的財務主管鮑勃·奧普敦（Bob Upton）在高管的辦公室間來回奔波，徵求各方對公告內容的意見。
Then Samuel left for Ramah, but Saul went up to his home in Gibeah of Saul.	撒母耳回了拉瑪。掃羅上他所住的基比亞，回自己的家去了。
She was psychotic. She was severely depressed and then had this sudden belief that this is what she had to do.	他的母親精神錯亂，嚴重抑鬱，然後突然就相信這是她必須去做的事情。
Complete disintegration of cytoplasm at stage of vacuolated microspore.	單核液泡期的小孢子細胞質完全解體。
Jeffery notes that traders went out one night three times, finishing the next morning and saw a pile of knives.	傑弗瑞注意到商人在一個晚上出去了三回，次日早上整理一堆鋸和刀。
Wei said that she intends to Internet yesterday morning set a July 20 from Changchun to Shanghai tickets.	魏敏說，她昨天上午打算上網訂一張7月20日由長春到上海的機票。
The following are my thoughts on how best to mix this art and science of mentoring, so that the process truly becomes that of enablement.	以下是我對如何最好地將指導的藝術與科學相混合，以便過程真正地成爲可能的想法。
More dramatic is the introduction of goal-driven search engine marketing campaigns.	更戲劇性的是，目標驅動的搜索引擎營銷活動的介紹。
One of the world's greatest cataracts shatters the Iguazu River between Argentina (near bank) and Brazil.	在阿根廷和巴西之間，世界上最大的瀑布衝激着伊瓜蘇河。
In this paper, effective SINR mapping (ESM) based on single-carrier OFDM system is introduced for link adaptive techniques and MAC scheduling.	本文介紹一種基於單載波OFDM系統的有效信幹噪比映射技術，支持鏈路級自適應技術和上層調度。
Last year, there were rules for Beijing residents during the Olympics, and also rules for foreigners who came to town for the games (57 of them!).	去年奧運會期間，就出臺了針對北京居民的各種規定，對來京看比賽的外國人也有各種規定（多達57種）。
Kramer is a general partner of the hedge fund Boston Provident, LP.	克雷默是對衝基金Boston Provident LP公司的一般合夥人。
Compared with control group, the total blood loss during operation and at every stage in aprotinin group were Iower(P< 0.05) .	抑肽酶組手術各期出血量和總出血量明顯低於對照組（P<0.05）。
It strikes one as very strange.	深以爲異。
Its capital city, Darwin, was established in 1869, and was originally known as Palmerston.	1869年，建立了當時被稱爲帕麥爾斯頓（Palmerston）的首府達爾文。
For usually $49.99 a month these guides could potentially space station your enquiries, sales as good as altogether your website traffic.	因爲只有每月49.99美元，這些指南可能火箭的查詢，銷售和整體網站的流量。
Needs to pull in all the side deals as well;	需要在所有的拉方以及交易；
Think that the member handles a credit card , which collects the commission will not have come , I am in the Yunnan Pu Er city looking for banking business a.	想找一個銀行業務員辦理信用卡，哪些收取代辦費的就不要來了，我在雲南普洱市。
India put the peace dialogue on hold after the attacks, but agreed to resume it earlier this year.	那次襲擊以後，印度暫停了和平對話進程，不過今年早些時候同意了恢復和談。
Only 31% Japanese interviewees and 18% American interviewees selected the former, and 64% Japanese interviewees and 70% American interviewees selected the latter.	只有31%的日本受訪者和18%的美國受訪者選擇前者，64%的日本受訪者和70%的美國受訪者選擇後者。
As to those who deny the Signs of Allah and in defiance of right, slay the prophets, and slay those who teach just dealing with mankind, announce to them a grievous penalty.	對於不信真主的跡象，而且枉殺衆先知， 枉殺以正義命人者的人，你應當以痛苦的刑罰向他們報喜。
Must be native FEMALE INDIAN, who has an in-depth understanding of Indian economy, society, and culture.	必須爲印度籍女性，對印度經濟、社會、人文方面有較深刻的認識和理解；
When you do this, you start to internalize your goals and dreams, as if they are something that you have already achieved.	當你這樣做時，你開始使你的目標和夢想內在化，就像它們是你已經獲得的一些東西那樣。
This manual was also developed to aid manufacturers in completing, maintaining, or expanding their quality system.	本手冊的開發也是爲了幫助製造商完成，維護或者擴展其質量體系。
They frequently launch rocket and other attacks on the settler communities that they see as being so symbolic of the Israeli presence.	後者多次向定居者社區發射火箭和其它攻擊物，因爲他們視其爲以色列存在的象徵。
If you want to be successful you need to love what you do and try your best to become an expert in your field.	如果你想成功，你就要幹一行愛一行，還要力求讓自己成爲所在行業的專家。
This usually results in the dreaded #2038 error.	通常這會導致可怕的#2038錯誤。
When and where to quicken the play is the key.	在哪裏，何時打快是關鍵。
Q: Japan has recently announced plans to send more troops to Yonaguni Island. How will that affect China-Japan relations?	問：日本最近宣佈將向與那國島增派士兵，這對中日關係將產生怎樣的影響？
Hryhory Nestor, at 115 presumed to be the oldest living man, says life was best when the Austro-Hungarian empire ran things in his village in western Ukraine.	高齡115歲、被認爲是最老活人的奈斯托說，他位於烏克蘭西部的村莊在奧匈帝國統治時，生活景況最好。
Take a step back and check if your schedule allows.	先退一步看看自己的方法是否允許（你去幫助別人）。
I don't think he will jump his hotel bill.	我認爲他不會不付旅館賬單就溜掉的。
The cover of a pot is called a lid.	蓋壺的蓋子叫作壺蓋。
Chinese wine culture has a rich tour connotation, it has deposited into human tourism resource throughout a long history.	中國酒文化具有豐富的旅遊內涵，縱觀中華源遠流長的歷史，酒文化早已沉澱爲旅遊資源中的人文旅遊資源。
If so, what is the nature of the interface (for instance, synchronous, asynchronous, uni-directional, bi-directional)?	如果是，該連接的性質是什麼（例如，同步、異步、單向、雙向）？
The third part, which is epilogue, is a sum-up to whole paper, relate the linguistic direction and foreground of humour study that current work illumes us.	第三章相當於結語，是對整項研究的一個總結，並簡述了本項研究工作啓發我們認識到的幽默研究的語言學方向與前景。
Similar opera libretto libretto, changing the length of sentence.	唱詞類似戲曲唱詞，句式長短富於變化。
The top of the hill seemed so far away, and he did not know what lay beyond. But there was nothing left to do but continue. He trudged upward.	山頂看起來是這麼遠，而他不知道之後還有什麼。但是除了繼續之外他沒有什麼可以做的。他努力的向上跋涉著。
I was kidnapped into the Chinese Legation on Sunday and shall be smuggled out from England to China for death. Pray rescue me quick?	我於星期日被綁架到中國公使館，並將從英國偷運到中國處死。請速救我?。
Man is the only creature that consumes without producing.	人是一種最可憐的傢伙，什麼都產不了，只會揮霍。
I lifted my right hand and made scissoring movements with my first two fingers.	我擡起右手，用食指和中指做了幾個剪東西的動作。
In the face of present serious ecology environment, to cultivate new alfalfa breed which is able to survive in drought and salina areas will contribute to the restoration of ecology environment.	針對目前面臨的生態環境問題，培育出能夠適應乾旱、半乾旱和鹽鹼地的苜蓿草種將有利於生態環境的恢復和治理。
In addition, a common factor underlying the slowdown in many industrial countries was the cyclical deceleration in investment spending.	此外，在許多工業國減速的一個普遍的根本因素是投資開支的週期性。
People drove around in cars before speedometers, and today you can't imagine driving without one.	人們幹什麼都要先明確度量標準，你能想象一輛沒有速度表的汽車嗎？
From the analyses above, the stress strain field, FLD, kinetic energy diagram and the situation of metal flow can be obtained.	分析了成形過程中的應力應變場、成形極限圖、動能曲線圖以及金屬的流動情況；
As a result of our study, the staff recommends that those involved in the standard-setting process more consistently develop standards on a principles-based or objectives-oriented basis.	作爲我們研究的結果，工作人員推薦更多以一貫的原則導向或目標導向的準則制訂程序來發展準則。
The banyan tree in Courthouse Square is noteworthy for its size covering 2/3 of an acre.	法院廣場最引人注意的就是這一片佔2/3英畝的菩提樹。
He unwittingly refers to Libyans as "they" and says his American-style rapid multitasking is a sharp contrast to Libyans' languorous discussions.	不經意間，他談及利比亞人時會說“他們”，而且據他本人的說法，他那美國式迅速同時處理多項任務的風格，與利比亞式的冗長討論格格不入，形成鮮明對比。
我静下来思考自己的价值所在的次数越是多，我就越能够了解到真正的自己是谁------包括我的缺点和我的天赋。	The more I begin to identify with my true values and sit in silence to reflect; the more I learn about who I am— both the flaws and the talents.
Methods The data of epidemic situation and personal survey from 1998 to 2003 in Xingning was epidemiologically analysed.	方法用流行病學分析方法對興市1998～2003年狂犬病發病疫情資料和個案調查進行分析。
CONCLUSION: The distribution and biological characteristics of BGFG have been recognized primarily. The further study on modulatory mechanism in the fracture healing of BFGF is carrying through.	結論：①鹼性成纖維細胞生長因子的分佈、生物學特性已被初步認識，其加速骨折的癒合的研究也進一步的深入。
He ascribed his failure to objective conditions.	他把失敗歸咎於客觀條件。
So the Greeks called these curious stones magnes lithos which means “stone from Magnesia.”	因此，希臘人稱這種奇怪的石頭爲magnes lithos，意思是“來源於鎂的石頭”。
This has in turn led to increased attention to strengthening trauma care capabilities in countries, including needs assessments and implementation of WHO recommendations in national policy.	這反過來又使各國更加重視加強外傷護理能力，其中包括需求評估以及在國家政策中推行世界衛生組織的建議。
Also, because of their own civilization from a large system - the Middle East, so it can be to say that convergence may match exactly, almost inextricably.	又由於他們本身來源於一個大的文明系統——中東，所以可以說銜接得嚴絲合縫，幾乎難解難分。
Because most large businesses are corporations , they tend to dominate the economy activity in the United States .	因爲大多數大型企業實行公司制，在美國他們往往支配着經濟活動…
This part also says our present Anti-Unjust Competition Law is not equilibrium, the reason is the legislation cost is too less which leads to the waste of execution cost.	因此本部分還詳細分析了法定成本設置對不正當競爭行爲存在之間的緊密聯繫，指出科學、合理的設定法定成本與提高被追究率對規制不正當競爭具有重要作用。
The flow around hollow hemisphere models was investigated in. water channel at B.	在北京航空學院水槽中，用氫泡法對繞凹半球模型流動進行了研究。
This swing would of course pull Europe during the day under the atmosphere that had been warmed by lingering over the Gulf Stream, warm water from the Equator, which would bring Europe warm air.	這個搖擺毫無疑問將白天的歐洲拉向被墨西哥灣流和赤道的熱水加熱過的大氣下方，爲歐洲帶來暖空氣。
Your work may be building quality houses, being an excellent physician, teaching with passion, running a business with integrity, or being an exemplary employee.	你的工作可以是建造優質房舍、擔任優秀的醫師、帶着熱忱作育英才、正直地經營企業，或是成爲模範員工。
To name just a few sites, there is the antiques market in DongtaiLu, the Shanghai Museum, the original HSBC Bank from 1865, the ShanghaiExhibition Centre and the Confucian Temple.	隨便列幾個景點：東臺路古玩市場、上海博物館、1865年成立的香港-上海匯豐銀行、上海展覽中心和上海文廟。
It’s hard to believe that now, in 2011, it’s still such an important issue at the national and international levels.	一直到現在，2011年，這個問題在國家和國際層面上仍然是一個重大問題確實令人難以置信。
That led Aviation Weekly and others to observe design similarities to Iran's Shahab missiles, suggesting further military cooperation between the two governments.	這使得《航空週刊》以及其他刊物將其設計工藝與伊朗的“流星”導彈進行對比，顯示出這兩國之間正在進一步開展軍事合作。
Never microwave a whole egg without pricking the yolk with a toothpick to break the outer membrance.	若在微波爐中煮整蛋時，務必先用牙籤將蛋黃外膜刺破。
It all started happening ever since he became the Prime Minister. Ever since he started going off to America, day after day.	自從他當上首相，一趟又一趟地去往美國，這一切纔開始發生。
They also have a notch along the inner edge of the bill, which is used to dispatch victims quickly by biting through the neck vertebrae and severing the spinal cord.	在鷹嘴的內緣有一個鋒利的切口，它是用來迅快速地切開獵物脖子上結合嚴密椎骨和的鎖骨。
There the centurion found an Alexandrian ship sailing for Italy, and he put us aboard it.	但百夫長信從掌船的和船主、不信從保羅所說的。
The work organizing process integrated with risk analysis of Guangdong Daya Bay Nuclear Power Station (GNPS) is depicted.	描述了貫穿於廣東大亞灣核電站日常工作組織過程始終的風險分析的概念和方法。
Ltd and raised operational proposal from several segments of financial and supply chain management, etc.	反在彼基本上通功自財務管理、供當鏈管理等長個環節無針閉於性的降出各項操擒計劃。
Some of these books which we think are roughly from a certain date, they will contain narrative snippets or legal materials or oral traditions that may even date back or stretch back further in time, and they were perhaps transmitted orally and then ended up in these written forms.	有些篇章只是被我們粗略地認爲出現於那個年代，其中包含的故事片段或律法材料或口頭傳統,其實也許能夠追溯到更久遠，所以這些很可能一開始是被口頭傳播,後來才用文字形式記載的。
The twice part depicts the frontier fortress.	第二部分是對邊塞地區的描繪。
Recommended dishes include Hakka style brewed bean curd, steamed egg with shrimp, and shrimp dumpling.	推薦客家釀豆腐、鮮蝦芙蓉蒸蛋、蝦餃等。
The application of network technology will improve transportation precision and reliability of weapon system, and will be convenient for extended function and self-controlled system.	它的應用可提高武器系統的傳輸精度和可靠性，便於功能擴展和系統自治。
The present invention provides oral pharmaceutical formulation for azole antimicrobial drugs such as itraconazole, saperconazole, ketoconazole, and fluconazole.	本發明提供吡咯抗微生物藥物諸如伊曲康唑、沙康唑、酮康唑和氟 康唑的口服藥物製劑。
The course will focus on rehearsals and group discussions to appreciate both traditional theatre and contemporary theatre including poor theatre and physical theatre.	教學內容 課程將著重在戲劇排練與團體討論，瞭解東西方傳統戲劇與現代戲劇的形式。內容涵括早期的貧窮劇場到當代的肢體劇場。
Everton captain Phil Neville says they had Manchester United "on the ropes" during their 1-1 draw on Saturday.	埃弗頓隊長菲利普·內維爾在星期六於曼聯佔成1：1平時說，他們讓曼聯處於困境當中。
Daniel Warner is Director of the Center for International Governance at the Graduate Institute of International and Development Studies in Geneva.	丹尼爾。沃爾納是設在日內瓦的國際與發展問題研究所國際政治中心的負責人。
Liverpool are anxious to move quickly to prevent Arsenal from hijacking their summer-long pursuit of Downing.	利物浦非常憂慮，所以想迅速行動來防止阿森納趁火打劫整個夏季都爲之苦苦追尋的唐寧。
If the benefits of peace with the Palestinians are so clear, why has peace eluded us?	如果說同巴勒斯坦人和平的利益是如此清晰，那麼爲什麼和平還在逃避我們？
This famous book, which had been praised"the Sequel of 'Capital'" by the later generations, enriched and developed the Marxism.	這部曾被後人譽爲“《資本論》的續篇”的著名著作，極大豐富和發展了馬克思主義。
The formula for calculating the liquid shock load in the low sinking depth wells was set up, and the formula for the axial load in the down stroke of the plunger was established.	建立了供液不足油井液擊力的計算公式，改進了柱塞下行阻力的計算方法。
And in the family law class, we discussed quite a few very interesting and very controversial  subjects.	在這堂課上，我們會討論一些非常有趣又非常有爭議的話題。
We are seeing this, right now, with the rise of multi-drug resistant TB, and the even more alarming rise of extensively-drug resistant TB.	目前已出現耐多藥結核病，而廣泛耐藥結核病的出現更是令人震驚。
Please bring us our orders.	請把我們點的菜端來。
However, it is a little more difficult to set these bits conditionally without branching. The assembly language version looks like this	但是，在不用分支的情況下，有條件地設置這些位比較困難。
When the wind blows , the slender tree bends but never breaks.	起風時，這棵細長的樹常彎曲但決不會斷。
"Our society doesn't accept not knowing as an answer, " observes Nathan Gebhard.	內森•格哈特表示：“社會不會接受“不知道”這種答案。
Damp concrete surface, ground floor slab without moisture barrier, and environmental-sensitive condition.	潮溼混凝土基面，無防水層的一樓地面，及其他有環保要求的場合。
An independent and well respected mediator is needed to help bring to an end ethnic conflict in border regions around the country, according to Christian clergymen.	緬甸基督宗教的神職人員說，現時國家需要一位獨立又獲廣泛支持的調停人，協助終止邊境地區的種族糾紛。
The Democratic senator from Illinois has promised a major overhaul of the U.S. health insurance system that his campaign estimates will cost $50 billion to $65 billion.	奧巴馬許諾全面改革美國醫保制度，其競選團隊估計這可能會耗資500億至650億美元。
And constant correct mouth muscle practice can reduce your local accents and built up the real American voice.	且不斷的正確的口腔肌肉鍛鍊，還能減少您的地方口音，建立起真正的美國音。
To further multi-formal health insurance system, the main body of which is CMS, to exploit peasant's potential health demands, and to guide peasant to increase health consumption.	穩步推進以合作醫療爲主體的多種形式的健康保險制度，開發農民潛在的衛生服務需求，引導農民增加健康投資。
Not only do they sit above Manchester City, but they also beat them in the Charity Shield.	他們不僅毗鄰這曼城這樣財大氣粗的球隊，而且在社區盾的比賽中也擊敗過曼城。
Soon he became the top student at school.	很快他便成了學校裏的尖子生。
On the other hand sometimes It'stoo hard-working and I put myself under too much pressure to make things perfect.	但是，有時爲了儘可能把事情辦得完美些，我又會讓自己背上太多的壓力，工作太辛勞。
So because there is no friction on the pin - and because the strings are massless-- only because of that must the tension be everywhere the same.	所以，由於圖釘沒有摩擦,且細繩沒有質量-,細繩的張力,一定處處相等。
在本例中，我截取了各个方法调用，并遍历了所有的方法参数。	In this case, I intercept each method call and go through all the method parameters.
So watch out for these tests because they happen all the time。	所以，要當心這些測試，因爲它們無時不在。
There are white clouds in the sky, some like horses are eating grass on the grassland, some like butterflies dance in the flowers.	天空中飄着朵朵白雲，有的像在草地上吃草的馬兒，有的像在花叢裏翩翩起舞的蝴蝶。
We broke through the border positions southwest of Kalwarya.	我們突破了卡爾沃亞西南的邊境陣地。
IMA has been evaluated as a potential indicator of transient myocardial ischemia in different clinical models of myocardial injury.	在不同的心肌損傷的臨牀模型中，IMA被作爲一個潛在的短暫心肌缺血的指示劑接受評估。
Most importantly, the advent of photography in the 1840s initiated a critical re-examination of the artist's adequacy in creating a convincing depiction of reality.	其中最重要的首推1840年代出現的照相術，它使藝術家描繪現實的準確性重新受到評估。
NEW YORK, Sept 2 (Reuters) - U.S. Treasuries fell for a second straight day on Thursday as recent economic data assuaged fears the world's largest economy may be headed for a double-dip recession.	路透紐約9月2日電---美國公債價格週四連跌第二天,因近期公佈的經濟數據安撫了對美國經濟可能陷入雙底衰退的擔憂.
Lock the VOB. for all users. This ensures that no new VOB objects are created while you complete Step 4 on page 117.	給VOB上鎖。對所有用戶。這樣是爲了確保在進行第四步的時候，不會創建新的VOB。
They are reaping a field of wheat.	他們正在收割一片麥田。
Introduces two methods to solve the problem of overheating in inner zones of buildings in winter, and the computation of necessary fresh air rate using double zone AHU.	介紹瞭解決建築內區冬季過熱問題的兩種方法，其中雙分區新風機方法的內區新風量計算。
In microgravity condition, the influence of the size of inlets and outlets on the flow field in the experimental space station cabin was studied.	在微重力條件下，研究了空間站載人艙通風系統中進出風口大小對空間站實驗艙流場的影響。
For reaching high shelves, there should be a stable step stool with a handrail to grasp.	應該配備一個穩定的安裝扶手的踏腳凳來夠高處得櫃子。
This socially conservative, male-dominated country, with a mandatory two-year military conscription for men, has become the male makeup capital of the world.	在這個社會觀念保守的男權國家，男人要強制服兩年兵役，如今這個國家已經成了世界男性化妝之都。
Pedregal introduces the reader to Young measures as an important tool in solving vector variational techniques.	佩德雷加爾讀者介紹了作爲一個重要工具楊措施，解決載體變分法。
The disease cholera is caused by curved rod shaped bacteria transmitted mainly through water and food contaminated by human faeces.	此病是由霍亂弧菌引起，它主要由受了人類糞便污染的不潔食水及食物所傳播。
We'll play against a side that is well-organised and like us, attack.	我們將和一支有良好組織、並且像我們一樣進攻型打法的球隊比賽。
Sincerely welcome all the friends' inquiry and cooperation from domestic and overseas , we will supply the best service for you!	本公司竭誠歡迎海內外各界朋友，新老客戶洽購、垂詢和技術合作，並提供優質服務！
Only in this way can truly effective control be achieved which will then guarentee the effectiveness of the economic value of the fund.	進而真正有效控制資金的運用，使其發揮最大的經濟效用。
This is an excerpt where the authors discuss the experimental evidence for the long-term ‘open monitoring’ or OM meditation	下面是作者討論的長期"開放監測"冥想 (OM)的實驗證據的摘錄
The Problem: The keywords used most often in job advertisements don’t show up on your resume.	存在的問題：在職業廣告中經常使用的關鍵詞沒有出現在你的簡歷中。
Ourei Harada is the extremely top-heavy model who has been featured in dozens of DVDs and continues to enjoy a huge following in Japan.	原田桜憐是模特中“上重下輕”的極端例子，在她出演的12部DVD中也形成了自己的特色，在日本她繼續保持着衆多追隨者。
"Level of decomposition" refers to the level of detail at which system elements are considered.	“分解的層級”是指系統各元素在那一個細節的層級上被考慮。
A flagship shop of a Japanese pastry shop that has Japanese ‘Kaho’, a pastry shop, and Japanese ‘Saho’, a tearoom.	這家日式點心旗艦店有日式‘Kaho’--點心，和日式‘Saho’--茶室兩部分。
The test results show that the impingement heat transfer from the rib roughened surface is considerably affected by the initial crossflow rate.	實驗結果表明，初始橫流率對肋粗糙表面的衝擊換熱有重要的影響。
2010-05-01 The Wall Street Journal by Rupert Murdoch's News Corporation, recently unleashed its New York section - "Greater New York", aiming to lure readers and advertisers from the New York Times.	2010年05月01日 傳媒大亨魯珀特·默多克新聞集團旗下的《華爾街日報》近日推出都市刊《大紐約》，向《紐約時報》“宣戰”，以搶奪後者的讀者羣和廣告商。
Objective To research the LISREL and its application in the biomedical studies.	目的探討線性結構模型理論及其在醫學中的應用。
And make comparison between ripple web plate variable cross-section portal rigid frame and constant cross-section rigid frame.	並且把波紋腹板變截面門式剛架與等截面門式剛架進行對比。
And if war comes do such men as these shoulder the musket and go into the trenches?	但一旦戰爭來臨，這類人會肩扛步槍進入戰壕嗎？
Add oil into skillet. Stir-fry cabbage shreds. Add 1/2 cup of water, stir, cover for 3 min and stir again.	鍋內放油，沸騰後將白菜入鍋，加1/2杯清水，攪拌後加上鍋蓋，燜煮三分鐘。
Review them and practice more after class. And finish the exercise in the part of Learning About Language. That's all for today.	進一步鞏固所學內容，並通過作業培養學生課前預習，課後複習的好習慣。
The contract includes ZBV operator training, service, and warranty.	合同包括訓練ZBV操作人員、服務以及授權。
It was 1910, England…The nightmare happened. Depressed Anna woke up one night and unexplainably found herself inside a haunted mansion with dreadful ghosts and evil spirits trying to prey on her.	限制是1910年，英國… 夢魘發生沮喪的安娜醒來一個夜晚並且以可怕的鬼和邪惡嘗試在她身上捕食的精神無法解釋地在一個被常到的大廈裏發現她自己…
After the optimum design for this two different structure hydrostatic bearings, their spindle system rigids per unit power consumption will be doubled.	與普通設計方法相比，兩種不同結構液體靜壓軸承經優化設計後，其單位總功耗的主軸系統剛度都可成倍增加。
Thanh Ha is a social affairs and development journalist with Vietnam Post, a Vietnamese-language newspaper.	Thanh Ha爲越南文的《越南郵報》記者，主責報道社會及發展事務。
The skin structure of Yimeng black and Jining grey goats was systematically studied in this paper.	對沂蒙黑山羊和濟寧青山羊板皮的皮膚組織結構進行了系統的研究。
With requred to the melting of rare metals the major issues are the development of melting technology, assurance of product quality, and increase in production efficiency.	真空自耗電弧爐是熔鍊鈦、鋯等稀有金屬的主要工業手段，如何提高熔鍊工藝水平，保證產品質量，提高經濟效益，已成爲稀有金屬行業廣泛關注的問題。
The problem of demarcation between science and pseudoscience has grave implications also for the institutionalization of criticism.	科學與僞科學的分界問題對批判的制度化也具有重大的意義。
Conclusion It is safe and effective to use interspinous enlarged windowing for decompressing and internal fixation of AF system to treat thoracolumbar spine fractures.	結論椎板間擴大開窗減壓並AF系統內固定術治療胸腰椎骨折安全有效。
Che Shengren regained consciousness after the accident, in order to find the escape of the kidnapped and kidnapped, Zheng Huiren, re join the investigation of the.	車禍後恢復意識的車勝仁，爲了找到逃走的趙南哲和被綁架的鄭慧仁，重新加入調查。
Through the study of sight and upper-limb manipulating ranges with the seated posture, the paper puts forward to the manipulating range of the Chinese body on horizontal and vertical planes.	通過研究人在坐姿狀態下的視野範圍及上肢操作範圍，提出中國人體上肢在水平面和垂直面內的操作空間範圍。
That was what my life had been like, endless omissions of coffee granules, somehow never managing to make that cup of coffee.	這就像我曾經的生活一樣，無窮無盡的咖啡粉，不知怎麼的從來沒有想到去將它泡成咖啡。
For history and literature, books can be a valuable tool, but online journal databases, JSTOR, etc., are invaluable.	對於史學與文學研究而言，書籍是寶貴的工具，但網上的期刊數據庫，JSTOR等，也是無價之寶。
The thickened septa are most often smooth, but septal nodules may sometimes be seen.	增厚的小葉間隔常平滑，但有時可呈結節狀。
In one experiment 3-year olds looked at pictures of a fork, teddy bear, truck, and other human-made objects.	在一項實驗中，三歲的小孩被安排觀看叉，泰迪熊，貨車或其他人造物品的圖片。
South Korea's oldest participant, who is 102-year-old , met his North Korean son for the first time in decades.	參加團聚的人當中最年長的102 歲韓國老人幾十年來第一次看到了生活在北韓的兒子。
The dog was throttled off; his huge, purple tongue hanging half a foot out of his mouth, and his pendent lips streaming with bloody slaver.	狗被掐住了，它那紫色的大舌頭從嘴邊掛出來有半尺長，耷拉的嘴巴流着帶血的口水。
Wortmannin(WT), the specific inhibitor of phosphatidylinositol 3 kinase(PI3K), was used to reflect indirectly the possible involvment of PI3K.	以磷脂酰肌醇3激酶（PI3K）特異性抑制劑渥漫青黴素處理細胞間接反映PI3K作用。
Rita: Jake's an idiot. Now where's Jake? Is he in the office?	麗塔： 傑克是個白癡。現在傑克在哪兒？ 他在公室嗎？
In total, 94 alleles were detected in 20 Chile wheat cultivars with an average of 4.48 alleles per locus and mean genetic similarity of 0.8341.	結果表明，21個SSR標記在智利小麥品種中共檢出94個等位位點，平均等位位點4.48個，品種間平均相似係數爲0.8341；
Linear systems, difference equations, Z- transforms , sampling and sampling rate conversion, convolution, filtering, modulation, Fourier analysis, entropy, noise, Shannon's fundamental theorems.	線性系統，微分方程，Z變換，採樣和採樣率轉換，卷積，濾波，調製，傅立葉變換，熵，噪音，香農基礎定理。
The idea of bringing revolution to the countryside had turned out to be a fantasy.	改造農村的革命理想成了虛妄的幻想。
Accessories : Aluminum round boom; logic controller; Swing away device; Loop detector.	配件：圓形鋁杆；快思羅輯主控器；防撞裝置； 車輛檢測器。
Since the numerical integration algorithm can estimate concentrations within the area source, the user can enter any value for the minimum distance.	對於面源範圍內部的濃度，模式可以通過數值積分算法進行估算，所以用戶可以輸入任意小的距離。
Davy Jones: Do you feel dead?	戴維·瓊斯：你感覺到死亡了嗎？
Under President Roh Moo-hyun the country peeled off from America in an attempt to demonstrate its independence as an Asian power with increasingly close economic links to China.	在前總統盧武鉉的帶領下，這個國家開始漸漸脫離美國，試圖成爲亞洲的獨立力量，與中國密切經濟往來。
They are round cakes like the moon. Most moon cakes are sweet.	它們是象月亮一樣的圓形蛋糕。大多數的月餅是甜的。
Humanistic Teaching is a student-centered teaching concept put forward by Rogers, which is consistent to the idea exerted by Foreign Language College of Zhejiang Normal University for over ten years.	人本主義教學觀是羅傑斯提出來的＂以學生爲中心＂的教學觀，與浙江師範大學外國語學院十多年來所進行的外語教學改革理念是一致的。
In January, the inflation rate hit 7.1%, the fastest in more than a decade.	在一月份， 通漲率達到了7.1，是十多年來最高的。
I think, with the reference of theory and practice of foreign country, combined our efforts, we can make out our environmental accounting theory System which suits to our country.	不過，我相信通過借鑑國外環境會計的理論與實踐，經過各方的不懈努力，我國完全可以制定出一套適合我國國情的環境會計理論體系。
The paper compares the economical efficiency of the VRV heat pump air condition system to the traditional heating systems.	對VRV熱泵空調系統採暖的經濟性進行了分析比較。
We may not get there in one year, but we will get there--- the wonderland of life.	我經歷，我學習，我成長，惟有一年一年收穫，方可達致生命之花園。
In terms of the former, he had saved lives of the ogedei clan, and as a result, the peace and the development of economy politics in middle Asia had been maintained for half a century.	從前者來說，他挽救了瀕臨滅亡的窩闊臺家族和汗國的命運，也使中亞的經濟和政治得以維持半個世紀的和平與發展。
Undeniably , the economic application of the Housing to the market, to some extent the urban housing problems of low-income families.	不可否認，經濟適用房推向市場後，在一定程度上解決了城市中低收入家庭的住房困難問題。
That's why you're seeing all these better-known and better-quality stocks like Baidu getting hit along with the others.	這就是爲什麼所有比較有名且優質的股票,例如百度,也連帶受到打擊.
Because their value is devotion, it devotes the society. The best way is you go to work, and as worker and shop girl. So they called "Social man" in Japanese.	因爲他們的普世價值是奉獻，奉獻給社會，最好的辦法你就去上班啊，你去當工人、營業員啊，所以日語裏叫他們“社會人”。
We reserve the right to claim damages.	我們保留索賠損失的權利。
I try to like distance myself,  go take a walk around the dorm, talk to other people,	我試着讓自己遠離寫作，繞着宿舍散散步，找其他人聊聊天，
Party yB will bear the cost of utilities such as communications, water, electricity, gas, management fee etc. on time during the lease term.	乙方應承擔租賃期內的水、電、煤氣、電訊、收視費、等一切因實際使用而產生的費用，並按單如期繳納。
There are significant differences in growth in the young tree stage among different provenances of Sea Buckthorn and the differences are obvious with different geographic population variation.	試驗表明，沙棘不同種源的營養生長和生殖生長以及果實生化成分都存在明顯的差異。
We need to get the contracts optimized for use in BIM and IPD, and that will take care of the legal structure.	我們需要將合約最優化，用於BIM 和IPD，我們也會照顧到法律結構。
Stability can be divided into real stability and false stability.	穩定可以分爲真穩定與假穩定。
The above mentioned findings suggested that RMRS rats have behavioural changes analogous to human depression, but alterations of sleep patterns are not significant.	結果提示：RMRS 模型在行爲特徵方面較好地模擬了人類抑鬱症。
Mamou, G/F Serendra, Fort Bonifacio, Manila, Luzon, Philippines, +63 2 856 3569	這家餐廳在馬尼拉，電話：+63 2 856 3569
All participants must arrange their own personal accident insurance.	參加者必需自行購買意外保險。
Villarreal officials were in Turin over the weekend for talks with Juventus over midfielder Alessio Tacchinardi.	比利亞雷亞爾官員上週末在都靈與尤文圖斯就塔齊納蒂轉會進行談判。
Over the past 25 years, Rh?ne-Alpes and Shanghai have gone forward hand in hand, just like intimate sisters.	在過去的25年中，羅納-阿爾卑斯大區與上海市攜手並進，親如同胞手足。
All this put together is still less than 1.76Lakh crores that Raja & Co gulped !	全部加起來仍然少於拉賈吞下的1.76萬億盧比！
Oh, never used, I think Finland Essen capsule or lose weight pretty good, nothing counterproductive effects are okay, because it is a good analogy I met in!	沒用過哦，我覺得芬蘭艾森瘦身減肥膠囊還是蠻不錯，沒啥反作用，效果還可以啦，反正是我遇到中比擬好的一款！
Doctors have been using ECoG since the 1950s to figure out which area of the brain is causing seizures in people with severe epilepsy.	自1950年開始，醫生便開始利用ECoG來研究劇烈的癲癇病發作是由大腦的哪一部分引起的。
Strawberry, blackcurrant, litchi and mango are some popular flavoured yoghurt.	草莓，黑醋栗，荔枝和芒果是一些受歡迎風味的酸奶。
Bamboo fibre after thorough degreasing, take off sugar, to take off the protein processing.	竹纖維經過了徹底的脫脂、脫糖、脫蛋白處理。
Second, we should provide support for the life of people living in areas where wild tigers inhabit so that they will be encouraged to support and participate in the protection of wild tigers.	二要妥善解決野生虎分佈區人民的生活問題，使他們自覺地支持並參與到野生虎保護行動中來。
During excavation blasting in stone works of cutting, the impaction on cutting and side slope for shaking by blasting must be decreased in maximum, prohibiting intensive loading for large blasting.	在路塹石方開挖爆破過程中，必須最大限度地降低爆破振動對路塹邊坡穩定所造成的不利影響，絕對禁止採用集中裝藥的大爆破。
Most millionaires share the values of their moderate-income parents, says Lewis Schiff, a private wealth consultant and Prince's coauthor: "Spending time with family really matters to them."	很多百萬富翁都擁有和他們經濟收入一般的父母一樣的價值觀。 個人財富顧問和普林斯的合作著書者，Lewis Schiff說，和家人的相聚對他們來說很重要。
Yang stressed that China appreciated Albania's adherence to the one-China policy, saying the two countries should strengthen coordination and cooperation on major regional and international issues.	兩國還應加強在重大國際和地區問題上的溝通和協調。 楊讚賞阿堅持一箇中國的政策。
Once condemned for its treatment of staff and hard-headed business dealings, Wal-Mart has tried to transform its public image in recent years.	沃爾瑪曾因爲其員工待遇和不道德的商業交易而遭受譴責，而近年來其一直努力與挽回其公衆形象。
From Kant and Schiller to Nietzsche, Rilke until Heidegger, Herbert Marcuse, these thinkers always remember the poetry of life, the freedom to pursue life.	從康德、席勒到尼采、里爾克直到海德格爾、馬爾庫塞，這些思想家們始終追思人生的詩意，追尋生命的自由。
The product, a total of 37, led street light the overall interior design of the play space.	這套產品一共有37件，爲整體室內設計提供了發揮空間。
There are several whom Paul said that they had worked hard for the sake of Christ and the church. (vv. 6, 12).	保羅列出好幾個人，說他們爲基督和教會勞苦作工（6至12節）。
In December, 200 students from 20 Chinese universities collected 82,000 pairs of used disposable chopsticks from Beijing restaurants.	12月份，來自20所中國大學的200名學生從北京的餐館收集了82,000試用過的一次性木筷。
A rescue worker and a dog, from a Spanish team associated with the N.G.O. K-9 de Creixell, search for landslide victims in a home in Nova Friburgo, Brazil on Thursday Jan. 20, 2011.	來自西班牙的援救人員和搜救犬 在一戶人家中搜尋山體滑坡受害者，新弗裏堡，巴西，週四20110120(AP Photo/Felipe Dana)
Museveni said that the great Chinese nation is a good friend of all African people.	穆塞韋尼說，偉大的中國人民是全體非洲人民的好朋友。
Acute heart failure (AHF) is defined as a rapid onset or change in the signs and symptoms of HF, resulting in the need for urgent therapy.	急性心力衰竭是指由於急性心臟病變引起心排血量顯著、急驟降低導致的組織器官灌注不足和急性淤血綜合徵。
This license is limited to photocopy songs from the Singalong Books, but the license covers all the meetings and retreats within the church.	於此年費制只限複印主旋律譜，包括教會內的活動，退修會或營會。
In the Gospels, this principle of social dynamics is known as "To those who have, more will be given."	《新約》裏這條社會動力學的律條以此而聞名：“擁有的越多，得到的越多”。
Article 12 sets out search on Di Gong and other fake Red-billed, when the people have died in Digong home's study.	第12集就在狄公等全力搜尋假冒紅嘴的時候，此人卻死在狄公家的書房裏。
Tawu, called Daofu in Chinese, is in a largely ethnic Tibetan part of western Sichuan that many advocates of self-rule say should form part of a larger homeland under Tibetan control.	道孚縣，是四川西部主要的藏人聚居區，許多懇求自治的藏人說道孚縣應該成爲藏人統治的大藏區的一局部。
Give him some of your cigarettes instead , cheap bastard.	還是把你的煙給他吧， 賤骨頭。
They have two faces and in the night – the white collars or talents in crucial position during the daytime but fragile little boys need to be care of in the night.	他們白天可能是高級白領或職場精英，一到晚上忽然變身爲需要女人照顧的嬌柔小男生。
Users can unknowingly execute malicious scripts when viewing dynamically generated pages based on content provided by an attacker.	當用戶查看基於攻擊者提供的內容而動態生成的頁面時，他們會不知不覺地執行惡意腳本。
The existing vaccines can only reduce the amount of virus, rather than totally inactivating it.	當前的疫苗只會減少病毒數量，並非真正殺滅病毒。
In our opinion, self-improvement or, perseverance worth mentioning, reflected the pursuit is always of reunion, harmony, unity, peace and ideal life demands.	在我們看來，自強不息也好，堅忍不拔也罷，體現的追求始終都是對團圓、和諧、統一、和平等理想的生活訴求。
The last chapter gives an indication of the state-of-the-art in an industrial environment.	最後一章在一種工業環境裏表示最新型。
Keep your body in a neutral position.	保持你的身體在一箇中立的立場。
Should one renounce Nirvana oneself, in order to help others towards it first?	人應該放棄自己的涅磐，爲了首先幫助它人達到它？
His presentation was then filmed, and projected onto a mannikin's head inside a small booth specially designed for this purpose.	他的表演被拍了下來，然後投影到一個小矮人模型的頭部，模型放在一個專門爲此設計的小展亭裏。
In this paper the method of design and construction of lime and cement columns for the stabilization of trench, deep excavations and slopes is introduced.	本文介紹用生石灰粉或水泥與軟粘土就地攪拌在地基內形成土柱以穩定溝槽，深開挖以及邊坡的設計與施工方法。
This lends complexity to the blend, which is held together by a comely Ecuador Havana wrapper leaf.	這種混合的結果是產生了複雜的味覺體驗，這兩種菸草被包裹在美麗的厄瓜多爾哈巴那包葉內。
This page gives information about the international nature conservation policy and legislation in the Eurpean Union, in European regions and on global level.	這個網頁提供了關於歐盟、歐洲地區和全球自然保護政策和法律的信息。
The development of modified dipped nylon 66 cord and its application were described.	介紹改性錦綸66浸漬簾布的研製與應用情況。
Taking the earth dam in Shandong Province as an example, the application of high-density resistivity technique to detect caves in earth dams is…	本文以山東省內的堤壩爲例，介紹高密度電阻率法在土質壩體洞穴探測中的實際應用。
The battery pushed 32 channels of 12-volt.	電池可以爲12V的32根線束供電。
Or you could say six variables if you include yB and xB, and four constraints.	我們還可以說我們有六個變量,如果包含yB和xB的話，然後又四個約束條件。
Correcting the deflection in Malinowski's Functional Theory;	對馬林諾斯基功能理論偏頗的修正；
The results obtained from the analogy approach calculation and results and mean value for test verification are also given.	並給出用類比法近似計算的結果和試驗驗證結果及平均值。
"Never tell your neighbors to wait until tomorrow if you can help them now" (Proverbs 3:28 TEV).	“如果你現在就能幫助你的左鄰右舍，那就別讓他們再等到明天”。《箴言3:28》（TEV）
The amount of water to be added, the time for sproving and steaming were also studied.	並摸索了調粉用水量，醒置時間及蒸糕時間的最佳方案。
However, even resist to all tin not do it, again He Tan resists.	然而，連抗拒都做不到，又何談反抗。
After that, people call on their relatives, friends and neighbors.	在那之後，人們給親戚，朋友和鄰居拜年。
They don't need lawn mowers in North Korea. Oh Great Leader Kim tells his people which grasses are best to eat.	朝鮮人不用割草機了。噢，偉大滴領導人金正日！告訴你的人民哪塊兒的草最好吃。
We all know, and even the president will admit, that the great drivers of our debt are Medicare, Medicaid and health care.	亨薩林說：“衆所周知，就連奧巴馬總統也會承認，促使我們債務叢集的主要問題是老年醫療保險、醫療補助計劃和常規的醫療保險。
In this paper, we analysed the theoretical strength of the synchronous structure, using large-scale non-linear finite element analysis software MSC.	本文對同步機構進行理論強度分析，並以大型非線性有限元軟件MSC。
I urge other people to be social by writing blog and distributing the content on multiple social networks.	我奉勸大家多寫博客，並通過多種社交渠道發佈博文內容，以此讓自己變得更加“社交化”。
A woman in south africa was sentenced to four hours in court after her cell phone rang in a traffic court .	南非一耶查某去交通法庭時，手機喨，煞乎法官判伊去關四點鐘久。
AS the Nomogram was made, it provided a more simple and convenient method for estimating the lean yield.	列線圖的製作爲估算瘦肉量提供了更簡便的方法。
The research on Pingxiang dialect has great significance.	萍篆方言的研究，意義重大。
And free to provide customers with various water equipment, engineering design, installation and debugging, technical guidance, consulting and so on.	並免費爲客戶提供各項制水設備的工程設計、安裝調試、技術指導、諮詢等工作。
This paper briefly introduces the experience of Scotch pine container cultivation from aspects of site preparation method of seedbed, seedling transportation and selection and farm management.	本文從苗牀的整地方法、裝袋土的配比、苗木運輸及選擇、田間管理等幾方面，簡要介紹了樟子鬆容器育苗的經驗。
With the adoption of pulverization principle of shearing, DG-350 double-refiner disc special type grinding machine is developed to satisfy the requirements of special powder preparation.	爲滿足特種粉體制備的需要，採用剪切式粉碎原理，研製出DG-35型雙磨盤式特種磨粉機。
Snowflakes patted against the windowpanes.	雪花輕輕地落在窗玻璃上。
The U.S. and South Korea tied for the fewest yellows, with five each in three games.	美國隊和韓國隊被出示的黃牌數最少，三場比賽共5張黃牌。
What did these tattoos look like?	這些紋身看起來像什麼？
"Cash-for-clunkers" programmes whereby governments subsidise the purchase of a new vehicle to replace old energy-inefficient vehicles have been widely used.	即政府出資補貼以舊高耗能車換新車的項目已得到了廣泛的採用。
Grocery stores, for example, will have pricing power they haven't experienced in years.	例如百貨店，就擁有幾年前沒有的價格上的優勢。
Reverberation time is not only an important index in architectural acoustics design, but also an important parameter to appraise gyms' timbre quality.	混響時間是建築聲學設計中一個重要指標，混響時間也是評價一個體育館音質效果的重要參量。
You seem to turn some light.	你好象火候有些輕了。
Relying mainly on local governments and public schools, we will guarantee equal access to compulsory education for the children of rural migrant workers who live in cities.	以流入地政府和公辦學校爲主，切實保障農民工隨遷子女平等接受義務教育。
The recent research trend of thirty research bureaux on materials in universities of Japan is summarized in this paper.	綜述了日本大學中的三十個材料研究室的最近的研究動向。
Still, despite the need for good running posture, stay loose—not rigid.	另外，儘管需要正確的跑姿，但是，您應該保持放鬆—別硬邦邦的。
But was having trouble finding the Swim Sweater for my Grandchildren until I found your web site.	我爲游泳漂浮小衣爲我的外孫買這個，但我發現市面上很難找到知道我發現了你們。
Shell manufactures and delivers petrochemical building blocks and polyolefins to industrial customers.	殼牌爲工業用戶生產和提供石化原材料和聚烯烴類產品。
It's a way of thinking about form that has more to do with individuality than it does with convention.	思考這種形式的方法，與傳統習慣相比,與個性更有關係。
M: The laundry has sewed on a new button for you.	M：洗衣部已經給您縫了一顆新鈕釦。
You should sing according to my drumbeats, otherwise, there would be no order.	打的鼓點開口，否則就沒有板眼了。
We monitor and check your inbox for travel confirms and do the work for you.	我們會監控和檢查你收件箱中的確認郵件，併爲你進行後續工作。
No thanks, I would rather go somewhere else.	那就算了，我再去別的地方看看吧。
We spent much of our first day walking beside the Dudh Kosi, known as the “river of milk” because glacier meltwater has turned it a lovely milky green colour.	我們第一天旅程的大部分時間都花在了都德科西河沿線，都德科西河又叫“奶河”，之所以得此稱謂是因爲來源於冰川融水的河水泛着淡淡的銀河綠。
But these plug-ins aren't huge, and aside from my music library, I have more than enough disk space.	但這些插件並不大，除去我的音樂庫後，我的計算機上還有足夠大的磁盤空間。
Medicine", a word which appeared 1862 times in The Whole Tang Poetries, was closely related with daily life and literary creation of Tang's poets."	“藥”在唐詩中大量出現，與唐人生活和創作密切相關。對生命的極度關注，導致唐人發現了藥的諸多現實功能；
Even if you don't know exactly what you want—just something, anything about R. Kelly—Ask's interface still wins out.	即使你並不確知你想要什麼——只是一些任何與R. Kelly有關的結果——Ask的操作界面仍然會技高一籌。
Like flu, typhoid fever, shed a head to wait, also reportorial malaria, relapsing fever waits can cause vitreous body muddy.	如流感、傷寒、流腦等，也有報道瘧疾、迴歸熱等可引起玻璃體混濁。
The boss promoted him to the post of chief accountant.	老闆提升他爲會計室主任。
The first Taco Bell opened in 1962 in California, selling tacos for 19 cents each.	第一家塔可鍾於1962年在加利福尼亞州開業，每份墨西哥玉米卷售價爲19美分。
He brushed away my objections.	他對我的反對置之不理。
Beyond the bridge in the southeast of Fangwaiguan was a Western-style octagonal pavilion.	方外觀西南橋外有一座西式八角亭。
Like her movies, the ups and downs of her life became legendary in the history of Chinese films.	而她起伏跌宕的人生與她出演的影片一樣成爲百多年來中國電影的一道傳奇。
When the universe becomes too dissimilar regarding the many other worlds, often the result of the continued evolution of human civilization, it becomes what pan- cosmologists call an "external world".	由於其他衆多世界的緣故當宇宙變得差異性太大時，經常結果是人類文明的繼續發展，變成了泛宇宙學家口中的“外部世界”。
US President Barack Obama swatted an annoying fly during a live television interview at the White House Tuesday local time, according to the AP.	據美聯社報道，當地時間16日，美國總統奧巴馬在白宮做電視訪談時受到蒼蠅"騷擾"，於是出手打死蒼蠅，這一過程被全程直播。
The mechanisms of its activation and translocation may be associated with the difference of the activation factors or its targets, and the amino acid residues of different phosphorylation site.	其激活和轉位機制可能與其不同的活化因子或底物和不同位點的氨基酸殘基磷酸化有關。
The recipient will be left with multiple half-open connections that are occupying limited resources.	收件人將留下多個半開連接佔用有限的資源。
PRD Council is one association in the charge of Hongkong Council. Founded in 2004, PRD Council is specialized in serving for Hongkong businessmen in Pearl river Delta Region.	珠三角工業協會是香港工業總轄下的一個協會，於2004年成立，專責爲投資在珠三角的港商服務。
It suggests that SIL-2R has important value for clinical treatment.	提示SIL-2R的檢測對慢性扁桃休炎的臨牀治療具有重要參考價值。
A polyphase flow numerical analog analysis has been made of the high pressure jet flow field, by way of CFD.	利用計算流體動力學（FD）方法對高壓水射流流場進行了多相流的數值模擬分析。
Transition country changes the specification of gain and loss in macroscopical economy level to spend the change that is not droit demesne demesne so simple.	轉型國傢俬有化在宏觀經濟層面的得失說明私有化並非所有權的變更那麼簡單。
By applying the board elastic-plastic theory, the critical thickness of concrete cover is derived.	根據板的彈塑性穩定等理論，推導出型鋼的混凝土臨界保護層厚度。
Variations of this system can be evolved for cross-country roads. Flame-belching snow-melting highway equipment is even now on the drawing boards.	這個系統的多樣性允許淇架設在跨國公路上，火焰融雪的高速路設施現在甚至已經在規劃的藍圖上了。
By using the parallel printing I/O port of PC microcomputer and the graph plotter port of MP-1 stripping analyzer, an interface circuit was designed for data acquisition.	利用PC微機的並行打印口和MP-1溶出分析儀的繪圖儀端口，通過接口電路實現微機對MP-1儀的數據採集；
The process of phytosterol extraction from soybean oil deodorizer distillate was studied.	對脫臭餾出物中提取植物甾醇的工藝進行了研究。
The connected four-storey blocks were severely damaged in the quake, with one of the structures leaning at a dangerous angle.	地震中一座連通的四層大樓被嚴重破壞，其中一部分已經危險的傾斜着。
Modification of the molecular sieves and application of new structure molecular sieves are the trends in FCC fuel upgrading.	分子篩的改性技術和新型結構分子篩的應用是燃料油改質技術的發展方向。
When the markets opened the following Monday, the Dow bid adieu to 10000 for good.	股市在緊接着的週一開盤時就告別了10000點。
In Hollywood there isn't a more money-making deal than hooking up with a fellow celeb.	在好萊塢，沒有什麼比跟明星家庭有關的東西更賺錢的了。
The whole team, " Lokomotiv Yaroslavl club spokesman Vladimir Malkov confirmed just now."	火車頭俱樂部新聞發言人弗拉迪米爾-馬爾科夫剛剛確認。
Historically, these were single character switches distinguished from other parameters by having a leading hyphen or minus sign.	過去，這些參數是單個的字符開關，與其他參數的區別在於擁有一個前導的連字符或負號。
I think you must having a great time on this buisness travel, guess what, I as well as children want to have a travel too, so if you not call back untill noon, we will fly to find you.	我想你這趟出差一定很過癮吧。猜猜怎麼着，我和孩子們也想好好玩一下。所以，如果到中午你還不回電話，我們就坐飛機找你去。
From that day on, the Klatooinians were property of the Hutt criminal empire.	從那以後，克拉圖因人便歸屬於赫特人的犯罪帝國。
It has been successfully used in a number of areas: home automation, the automotive industry, consumer electronics, and even desktop applications.	它已經成功應用於許多領域：家庭自動化、自動化工業、家用電器，甚至是桌面應用程序。
The lady is trying on a fashionable hat.	那位女士正在試戴一頂時髦的帽子。
This environment includes all structures built according to scientific principles, from irrigation and drainage systems to rocket-launching facilities.	建築環境包括依據科學原理建造的所有結構物，從灌溉和排水系統到火箭發射設施。
Nuts and seeds – almonds and flaxseed	堅果和種子—杏仁和亞麻籽
“This year has been particularly tough, ” said Cameron Leslie, co-founder and managing director of London clubs Matter, which has been closed since June, and Fabric in a telephone interview.	“今年經營一直特別艱難，”一位倫敦俱樂部的共同創立者和董事卡梅隆·萊斯利說，而這傢俱樂部自從六月以來就一直關閉着，他在一次接受電話採訪中說。
The Foundation has yet to disclose the recipient as well as what building the ceremony will be held in, but says it will most likely be a place of historical significance.	凱悅基金會尚未披露獲獎人信息以及今年的頒獎儀式將在哪座建築物內舉行，但基金會稱，儀式很有可能在具有歷史意義的場所內舉行。
Muhammad bin Laden, Osama’s father, emigrated from the canyons of the Hadhramawt, in present-day Yemen, in the 1920s.	奧薩馬的父親，穆罕默德·本·拉登於上世紀20年代從哈德拉毛，即今天的也門移居至沙特。
As you saw just now, it's certainly about being careful, about avoiding the foods that are over-exploited. It's also about eating seasonally and locally. For example, tomatoes.	正如各位剛剛看到的，可持續飲食確實必須謹慎小心，避免食用遭到過度剝削的食物，也可以選用當季當地的食物。
All the contestants, speaking in fluent English, expressed their vehement passion for the Olympic sportsmanship and a strong desire to develop friendship with Canadian people.	所有的參賽者用流利的英語表達了對奧運體育精神的深情熱愛和對發展中加二國人民的強烈願望。
I authorize you to hit 'em a tremendous whack.	我授權你們，向他們放一排狠毒的排槍。
Perhaps more importantly, that bogey may have kept Zhou from earning his elusive China Golf Association pro card.	可能更重要的是，這個柏忌可能讓周喪失了他夢寐以求的轉職業的機會。
It's simple: just ignore floaters .	很簡單，無視飛蚊。
The place-offer function implementation begins with a call to dosync.	place-offer 函數的執行從調用 dosync 開始。
The footage, which lasts just over a minute, captures a segment of a journey between Datong and Xi'an in China while the high-speed train was travelling at just over 170 miles per hour.	持續一分多鐘的視頻，拍的是大同到西安的路程，高鐵列車的速度超過170英里每小時。
And in the sixth month the angel Gabriel was sent from God unto a city of Galilee, named Nazareth.	26到了第六個月，天使加百列奉神的差遣往加利利的一座城去，這城名叫拿撒勒。
"The Analects of Confucius Yang goods", he cautioned his disciples also recorded, said: "Boy what Mo Manabu poetry?	《論語·陽貨》又記載他告戒弟子說：“小子何莫學夫詩？
Then he found Komanoff, a man who shared his goals and had the mathematical chops to help realize them.	之後，他找到了與他志趣相投，又能利用數學工具幫助解決這些實際問題的庫曼諾夫。
Thee third is the "guardian" farmland, in spring, it USES sow the seed planter, the autumn harvest, it can use the knife to millet, sorghum and other crops harvest back, in the warehouse.	第三位是覸“農田衛士”，在春天，它用播種器播下種子，秋收時，它能用刀將穀子、高粱等作物收割回來，放進倉庫。
Over the next 20 years, some 1,200 of the participants died from heart disease and about 5,900 died from other causes.	在接下來的20年間，大約1200名調查對象死於心臟病，約5900名死於其他­原因。
One reason is that the business of testing and sex-selective abortion is very lucrative.	一個原因是，測試和性別選擇性流產的商業是非常盈利的。
He says some 30 million Americans telecommute at least part-time, and that the number could reach 50 million within the next few years.	他說，大約三千萬美國人至少有一部分時間是遠程上班。 他說，這個數字在未來幾年內還會增加到五千萬。
Suddenly there was a squeal and tires peeling, from somewhere behind me.	突然從後方傳來一陣尖銳的聲音和輪胎磨擦地面的聲音。
An often overlooked and less glamorous one is maintaining those resources, especially the documentation.	一個常常被忽略，不怎麼招人喜歡的任務是維護這些資源，特別是文檔。
A new packer liner-hanger has been developed to solve poor cementing problem often occurred in the overlaying interval in conventional liner cementing operation.	針對常規尾管固井重疊段固井質量差的問題，研製了新型封隔式尾管懸掛器。
Do you sing bass or baritone?	你唱男低音還是男中音?。
I also went to my cousin's wedding. Congratulations Vin and Loren. It was great to see everyone.	我也去了堂弟的婚禮。恭喜你們文跟勞倫。很高興能見到大家。
Increase income, can stimulate consumption not only, rescue before urgent, and in also be helpful for us interacting in international, strive for active.	提高收入，不僅可以刺激消費，解救眼前之急，而且也有利於我們在國際交往中爭取主動。
The application described here uses a simple calorimeter to perform microcalorimetry measurements.	這裏介紹的應用工作使用一個簡單的量熱計來進行微熱量測量。
His muddy slide onto the road.	他在泥濘的路面上滑着走。
The books' publisher, Bungeisha, says the series - one each for types B, O, A, and AB - has combined sales of well over 5 million copies.	書籍出版商Bungeisha說，該四套書籍——其中每種都分別包括B型、O型、A型和AB型——已經創造了超過500萬份的銷售數量。
PN 9213 is a universal penetrator.	PN 9213爲通用型水性滲透劑。
For its manufacture Cemented Carbide drawing dyes are used and the same is true for all the wires we find in the engine.	這種線以及馬達上所有的線都是用硬質合金拉絲模生產的。
Other experts aren't so sure that a virtual keyboard can ever replace a good mechanical one -- particularly for touch typists.	其他的專家不像克爾格羅夫這樣確定虛擬鍵盤最終會取代虛擬鍵盤--尤其對於盲打用戶來說。
Republicans have been fighting a Democratic proposal to pay for President Obama's $447 billion jobs bill by imposing higher taxes on the wealthy.	共和黨人一直反對民主黨要求通過向富人徵收更高稅率以爲奧巴馬提出的4,470億美元就業法案買單的提議。
Fake versions of famous Swiss brands, such as Omega, Cartier, and Rolex, proliferate.	仿冒的瑞士名錶，包括歐米加、卡地亞和勞力士正在到處氾濫。
To cut HCA exposure, experts suggest marinating meat, frequently flipping it while cooking, or microwaving it.	專家建議水煮肉，烹調肉食時注意經常翻炒，或者用微波爐煮肉，可以減少對HCA的接觸。
Among the generals now facing arrest are some who just a few years ago were destined for promotion to the highest positions in the armed forces.	目前面臨被捕的將軍中有人曾在幾年前可能被提升到軍隊最高職位。
Offenses with this characteristic usually will be encountered as assimilative crimes.	帶有此特徵的犯罪行爲通常將視爲同等犯罪。
Vascular disease is a major contributor to life-threatening conditions such as aneurysms or blockages of the aorta.	血管疾病是引發危及生命的病態（例如動脈瘤或主動脈阻塞）的主要因素。
A 17-year-old girl died on 23 February.	1名17歲女孩於2月23日死亡。
Based on water quality of Chongqing Section in mean-flow period, QUAL2E model was used to simulate and predict water quality of the reservoir, with water temp…	因此，以長江重慶主城區段平水期水質爲原型，應用QUAL2E模型對成庫後的水質進行了模擬和預測。
A police officer was said to have escaped injury in the shootout when a bullet lodged in his radio.	一名警官稱他受到槍擊，無線電被射中，不過他本人幸而沒有受傷。
Anna:Hello, I was wondering how much it would cost to book a double room at your hotel for a week.	安娜：妳好，我想知道訂你們酒店的雙人房一週要多少錢。
Aten is Egyptian for Sun.	宏正自動科技是埃及爲太陽。
I hope to be available for the Coppa Italia match against Udinese. I remain confident.	希望在意大利杯對陣烏迪內斯的比賽時我能復出吧。
See it when I was in a two day off-site meeting for the team.	我在一個爲期兩天小組會議的場外看到的風景。
According to UNHCR, more than 20, 000 boat people have landed on the Italian island of Lampedusa this year, almost all of them from Tunisia.	按照聯合國難民事務高級專員公署（UNHCR）提供的數據，有超過2萬難民在乘船抵達意大利的蘭佩杜沙，他們中的絕大多數都來自於突尼斯。
B. graphics card, role playing game, respawn, newbie, ding	Graphics Card 就是我們說的顯卡，聲卡則是sound card；role playing game 是指角色扮演類遊戲，玩家可以在遊戲中選擇自己喜歡的角色；respawn指扮演的角色被殺後重新復活，newbie 遊戲的新玩家，也就是常說的菜鳥級玩家；ding 就是升到某個級別的意思。
There are many more causes of TTP than the ones mentioned, though pregnancy is a major cause.	雖然懷孕是最常見的一個原因，但是紫癜的病因並不僅僅是懷孕。
the absurd predicament of seeming to argue that virtue is highly desirable but intensely unpleasant- Walter Lippman.	表面上看爭論那種美德的荒唐困境是值得的，但卻也是令人十分不愉快的-沃爾特·利普曼。
Crowd is spring, autumn, wish all beck's happiness follow you! Happy New Year!	仰首是春，俯首是秋，願所有的幸福都追隨着你！新年快樂！
Take E-Mal [an artemisin-based anti-malarial drug developed by two CSIR laboratories].	例如E-Mal[CSIR的兩個實驗室開發的一種基於青蒿素的抗瘧疾藥物]。
"It brought me the national team, a very good start to the season, both personally and for Lazio, and an unexpected survival last year with Cagliari, " he said.	“我進入了國家隊，無論對於我自己還是對拉齊奧，都是一個非常棒的開始，這在去年的卡利亞里時，是不可想象的”。
Even so life-insurance sales are off by only 5% so far this year, compared with the same period in 2010, and car-insurance sales, after slowing early in the year, seem to be rebounding.	儘管如此，中國今年人壽產品的銷量相比去年同期僅減少了5%，而車險銷售在年初放緩之後，也似乎出現了反彈。
Job responsibility: Sunshine in charge of the bank bookkeeping and fixed assets accounts management; Flora is responsible for cost and expense analysis report, cash bookkeeping.	工作職責：田志負責銀行帳務，固定資產賬務管理及總賬業務；嚴明英負責現金帳務及費用成本分析報表。
Optimum conditions of the cathodic adsorption stripping square wave vo1tammetry were studied thoroughly.	詳細研究了陰極吸附溶出方波伏安法測定微量鎘的最佳條件。
In the suggestion, aim to the establishment of mechanisms for primary school English teachers' addition, propose a creative idea to establish "threshold" type for education support system.	在對策建議中，針對建立農村小學英語教師補充機制，創造性的提出了確立“門檻式”的支教制度。
The postoperative complications of craniopharyngioma of excision are common, and early prevention and treatment can furtherly increase the curative rate.	結論顱咽管瘤術後併發症多，早期預防和治療，可進一步提高該病的治癒率。
In a non-federated environment, this is not generally an issue, as local resources (CPU, I/O) are usually adequately utilized by performing one leg or input of a union or join operator at a time.	在非聯邦環境中，這通常不成問題，因爲即使每次只執行聯合或連接操作符的一個分支或輸入，本地資源（CPU、I/O）通常也得到了充分的利用。
This education is given through lectures, case studies and visits to historic areas, as well as attendance at court trials and talks with people who have been imprisoned for corruption.	反腐教育的表現形式有講座、案例學習和參觀歷史古蹟，還有旁聽庭審、服刑人員現身說法等形式。
As Mr. Ouspensky explains, we cannot control consciousness directly, but we can induce it indirectly by remembering ourselves, and the key to this is divided attention.	誠如鄔斯賓斯基所解釋，我們無法直接控制意識，但是能夠透過記得自己間接地引發它，而記得自己的關鍵就是分開注意力。
Because the for loop hands me placeholders in between those semicolons for variables and such, now I don't have those with while loops.	因爲for循環給我提供了爲變量準備的佔位符,它們在分號之間，現在在while循環中，我沒有這些。
This system encourages not only internal promotions but lateral moves as well.	該系統不僅鼓勵內部升職也支持平職調換。
POAP modified platinum electrode was prepared using POAP as conducting polymer, and electro-deposition of silver on POAP modified platinum electrode was studied.	採用POAP爲導電聚合物，製得了POAP修飾的鉑電極，並研究了在POAP修飾鉑電極上銀的電沉積。
A low voltage fully differential gain-boosted CMOS operational transconductance amplifier is designed.	設計了一種低電壓全差動增益增強CMOS 運算跨導放大器。
Now, American officials are studying documents and computers seized during the raid in Abbottabad.	現在，美國官員研究在阿伯塔巴德突襲中搜獲到的文件和計算機。
Why should cattle not graze near yew trees?	爲什麼牛不在紫杉附近吃草？
In the field of second language acquisition research interlanguage competence still remains a concept which is difficult to define with accuracy.	在第二語言習得研究中，中介語語言能力歷來就是一個難以準確界定的概念。
These questions sound like a survey for a social studies paper, but the output of Jin Jiangbo's investigation was in fact a body of fascinating photographs.	這些問題聽起來像是一篇社會研究論文的一項調查，但事實上，金江波展開研究的結果則是這些繁華熱鬧場面的主要部分。
To adjust flag-down price.	調整起步價。
Who have said, With our tongue will we prevail; our lips are our own: who is lord over us?	他們曾說，我們必能以舌頭得勝。 我們的嘴脣是我們自己的。
Your condescension, as always, is much appreciated.	像往常一樣，你的屈尊俯就總是讓人感激。
The curves of the road are still dizzying, incised along (and sometimes through) the cliffs.	曲折的道路仍讓人炫目，沿途峭壁聳立，（有些道路直接穿過峭壁。）
It is suitable for the driving conditions of the start-accelerate-stop and the low speed driving conditions in urban areas.	結果表明，該車具有良好的動力學性能和燃料經濟性，適合在低速、頻繁啓動的市區內行駛。
Statements involving larger tables and joins of two or more tables are more likely to exhibit a change in query access plan as a result of the improved cardinality estimate.	如果語句涉及到更大的表格和兩個或者更多個表的連接的話，查詢訪問計劃就很可能會因爲基數估計值的提高而改變。
The first is that it shows the static structure of classifiers in a system; the second reason is that the diagram provides the basic notation for other structure diagrams prescribed by UML.	第一個是它顯示系統分類器的靜態結構；第二個理由是圖爲UML描述的其他結構圖提供了基本記號。
The main crime is not the crimes committed by units, but the natural body, namely, the defendant Huang Wenlong.	犯罪主體是自然人主體，即被告人黃文龍，而非單位犯罪；
A cold wind was blowing from the north.	寒風自北吹來。
This action will help you create the feeling in your chest and upper back that you should have in virtually every yogasana.	這個動作能幫助你建立差不多在任何體式中胸部和上北部的感覺。
A: Gosh, that's a shame. You must be busy now.	唉,太可憐啦！你現在一定很忙。
These ignition wires send the charge to each spark plug.	這些點火導線將電荷運送至每個火花塞。
Figure 25-4: A typical alert dialog box. It is unnecessary, inappropriate, and stops the proceedings with idiocy .	圖25-4 這是一個典型的警告對話框，它不僅不必要、不恰當，而且愚蠢地打斷了進度。
The paper provides a new vision for finance product design, which is based on many conditions of disequilibrium in real finance world in China.	本文提供一種新的設計金融產品的視角，這是基於我國現實中金融市場中諸多的不均衡。
It is the custom here to take a cold shower every evening in summer.	在夏天每天傍晚洗冷水浴是這裏的習俗。
If canonity is strangeness, it is her unique thinking pattern that has canonized the poetry of Emily Dickinson.	如果說文學作品的陌生性造就了其經典性，正是狄金森獨特的對立思維方式使她的詩歌成爲了經典。
The second chapter is based on folk beliefs, and tries to find out the conjunction ofadoring Nu Wa and living stone worship in folk in the folk customs.	文章第二部分是從民間信仰層面出發，試圖尋找在民間風俗習慣中，關於女媧的崇拜和祭祀與民間流傳的靈石信仰中的共通和重合之處。
Double-click the map type mapping in the interface map editor to open the business object map editor for the map if it is not already open.	在接口映射編輯器中雙擊映射類型的映射，以打開該映射的業務對象映射編輯器（如果還未打開的話）。
Brief introduction is given to its design and management of the unattended wellhead platform in SZ 36 - 1 - J Oil Field. Sug-gestions are given for improving such platform design.	簡要回顧了綏中36—1 J區無人駐守井口平臺的設計過程，介紹了平臺的設計思想、主要流程以及冬季生產作業管理狀況，對完善無人駐守井口平臺的設計提出了建議。
Objective: To evaluate the effect of analgesia and hemodynamic responses on combined lumbar plexus-sciatic nerve block for emergent lower-extremity surgery.	目的：觀察單側腰叢-坐骨神經阻滯用於下肢外傷性手術麻醉的鎮痛效果及對血液動力學的影響。
It seems that snow-flakes soon gain more weight, falling straightly down onto the ground. They can't wait any longer to embrace the land.	雪花似乎很快變大也重了一些，直直地落下來，他們一定等不及了，想與大地相擁。
The meaning of life can be grasped in a moment. A moment so brief it often evades our perception.	生命的意義可以在一瞬間抓住一個經常被我們忽略的短暫瞬間。
The two retrieval methods simply retrieve the value from the HashMap (Figure 14 and 15).	這兩個檢索方法只檢索 HashMap 中的值（圖 14 和圖 15）。
They live in the oceans.	它們生活在海洋中。
The popular notion that Japanese women are demure and subservient is a lazy stereotype, but Miyuki's behaviour would seem bizarre in any country.	關於日本婦女端莊又恭順的流行觀念當然是人云亦云的成見，不過鳩山幸的舉止不管放在哪個國家都算得上怪異了。
They tell this guy that they'll pay him well if he would dress up in the gorillas skin and pretend to be the gorilla so people will keep coming to the zoo.	他們告訴這人說，如果他願意穿上猩猩的獸皮，喬裝成這隻猩猩以便讓觀衆持續來動物園玩，他們將會付給他不錯的酬勞。
The explosion was caused by a burst gas pipe .	這次爆炸是由一個爆裂的煤氣管引起的。
A mononucleotide, C10H14N5O7P, found in animal cells and reversibly convertible to ADP and ATP; adenosine monophosphate.	一磷酸腺苷單核苷酸，C10H14N5O7P，發現於動物細胞中並能可逆地轉化爲二磷酸腺苷和三磷酸腺苷；一磷酸腺苷。
Plants with the most severe phenotype formed only green organs, with many shoot apices on their adaxial sides.	嚴重表型的植株只產生綠色的器官，在其近軸面有許多芽。
Powdery mildew is a global disease for the cereal crop.	白粉病是禾穀類作物的全球性病害。
The relation of literary subject in the reception's theory is the interactive relation between producer and consumer, or communicator.	接受理論視閾下的文學主體之間形成的是交流對話者，生產者與消費者的互動關係。
At every step they are bothered by 00X, a special police agent whose job is.	每一次他們都倒黴撞上一位警察特工，代號00x，他專門乾的就是把維納斯完璧歸趙的活。
Phoenix, often cited as "the best run city government in the world, " was named an All-American City for the fifth time last June.	鳳凰城經常被稱爲“全球管理得最好的城市”，去年又第五次被譽爲全美城市。
He rode on, blood flowing from his side.	他騎滅馬，陳血從腰部流上去。
The daughter's choices may 'cost her something she may lose out on a promotion or, at the very least, look like an adolescent, ' Dr. Meeker says.	麥格說道。 那個女孩子的穿着選擇可能“會讓她失去一些東西，比如晉升機會等，或者至少會讓她看起來很孩子氣。”
The second piece of infrastructure is a computation framework called Map-Reduce that works closely with the GFS to allow you to efficiently process the massive amount of data that you have collected.	第二個基礎設施是名爲Map-Reduce的計算框架，它與GFS緊密協作，幫助處理收集到的海量數據。
The second failing is an ironic flipside of success.	第二個失敗則是對歐元成功的諷刺。
Even the original is fooled!	即使是原唱者也被愚弄了！
It's easily observed through the cases above that in the process of event marketing LineKong has carried out four steps carefully: disclose news, warm market, hype events, and launch versions.	通過以上幾個事例，我們不難發現藍港在線在事件營銷過程中嚴格的貫徹了放出消息、消息預熱、事件炒作、最終投放四個過程。
Liquid leaving the reactant channels is drawn back into the V-shaped grooves of the projections, leaving no liquid to obstruct the channel exit openings.	離開反應物溝槽中的 液體被抽回到該突出的V形凹槽中，不留下液體來阻擋該溝槽的出口開口。
She looked Marius full in the eye, and said	她瞪眼望着馬呂斯，向他說
The former is under effect of more strong synoptic systems, while the latter shows more characteristics of mesoscale thermal circulation induced by topography.	秋冬型更多受強天氣系統的影響，春夏型則更多表現出局地中尺度熱力環流特徵。
Ticket agent: Regular or express train?	售票員：要普通車還是快車？
The task of this paper is to develop a network multimedia develop platform basedon DM642, including hardware platform and software platform.	本論文的任務，就是研製基於DM642的網絡多媒體開發平臺，包括硬件平臺的設計、實現和軟件平臺的構建。
The total working size of a mould cavity is formed by the combination and accumulation of the sub-working sizes of the forming parts during the assembly process.	根據尺寸鏈原理，對在不同成型零件裝配成模腔的過程中，由不同工作尺寸組合和累積而間接形成的工作尺寸的計算問題進行分析探討；
The animation video should be animated with a very similar style to the Scoopon or Groupon videos that explain their business in a very fun and entertaining style.	動畫的視頻應該是一個非常相似的動畫風格的Scoopon或Groupon影片中一個非常有趣的解釋和娛樂方式的業務。
Monitoring System: Pressure difference level or computer controlled digital level is adopted to indicate tank level.	監測系統：貯槽液位顯示用壓差式液位計或微機控制的數顯液位計。
We guarantee that all platinum jewellery sold is 95% pure platinum and is hallmarked "950" assuring its quality.	我們保證所有售出的95%純白金首飾及白金標誌是“950”的質量保證。
By 1730, better production techniques meant chocolate was no longer just a royal treat. Finally, even the common man could afford to satisfy his sweet tooth.	到了公元1730年，更精良的製作技術意味着巧克力不再只是貴族享用的甜點，連平民百姓都喝得起這種飲料，以滿足他們對甜食的喜愛。
With the chance of Universiade, Shenzhen proposes to build a voluntary city with the effort of all citizens.	借大運會契機，深圳提出全民共建“志願之城”。
Hope for urban administration tube law enforcement theory and a practice development own one's pygmy effort.	希望爲城市行政管執法的理論和實踐的發展儘自己的一份綿薄之力。
Meanwhile, the original Company Ordinance states that when the company distributes the after-tax profits, it should draw from the profits by 5% to 10% to the statutory public welfare fund.	原《公司法》第一百七十七條規定：“公司分配當年稅後利潤時，應當提取利潤的百分之十列入公司法定公積金，並提取利潤的百分之五至百分之十列入公司法定公益金。”
All of the wild cats were found in an unprotected forest corridor between the Bukit Tigapuluh forest landscape and the Rimbang Baling wildlife sanctuary in Riau province.	所有這些野生貓科動物均出現在布吉蒂加普魯森林公園與廖內省巴陵野生動物保護區之間未受保護的森林走廊地區。
The average price that marketers paid Google per click increased 12% from a year earlier. That figure was up from an 8% year-over-year growth in the first quarter.	和去年同期相比，用戶每點擊一次廣告，營銷商向谷歌支付的均價上漲了12%，高於今年一季度8%的同比增長速度。
In corporate-bond markets, the spreads over government bonds paid by investment-grade and speculative borrowers reached their highest this year.	再來看公司債券市場，就投資級和投機性的借貸方給出的公司債券收益率而言，與政府債券利率的差額達到了今年來的最高水平。
The administrative factor expresses that impeaching power is administrative power;	彈劾權性質的行政性；
Capsaicinoids is the principle pungent and biological components in peppers.	辣椒素類物質是辣椒果實中的辣味成分和生物活性成分。
The temperature has not got cesse to rise up.	氣溫一直在升個不停。
My head is still paining me.	我的頭還在疼。
The United States has reported 3352 laboratory confirmed human cases, including three deaths.	美國報告了3352例實驗室確認的人患病例，包括3例死亡。
Replaceability is limited to changing the dependency to depend on something different.	可替換性僅限於修改依賴關係以依賴不同的內容。
Abstr: The Langqi Island is the core of Minjiang port group in Mawei Town, and the pilot area in Fuzhou newly developed area.	文章摘要： 琅岐島是馬尾新城閩江口組團發展的核心，是福州新區大開發的先行區。
In order to attract tourists, MSAR will organize activities such as International Firework Day, Gr and Car Racing and International Music Day .	爲了吸引旅遊者，澳門特區近期還將推出“國際煙花節”、大賽車、國際音樂節等大型活動。
The results suggest the onset of IDDM may relate to autoimmune, and it is important to conduct the treatment of IDDM with immunosurpress as soon as possible.	結果提示IDDM發病早期存在自身免疫失調，對IDDM免疫干預治療應在發病早期進行。
All data are Huangguang backup and remove the server, he saw 002 out of danger, gratified. 002 do not want to light the light to retain the information, copy another no one loves the 003 or more.	涵光正在備份並刪除服務器上所有資料，他看到002脫險，倍感欣慰。 002不希望涵光再保留這些資料，複製出另一個沒人愛的003甚至更多。
At the bottom, in the left corner, there is the power inlet and the lanyard eyelet .	在底部，在左上角，有一個電源插口和掛繩小孔。
So, Sal is convinced--he wants to be convinced; he desperately wants to be convinced--that Mississippi Gene knows Big Slim Hazard. Let's look at another example on page 59.	所以薩爾信服了，他想要被說服;,他極其渴望被說服，很願意相信吉恩,認識細杆哈查德，讓我們來看59頁上的例子。
Better Place is starting off with 40 such stations in Israel and then they will move on to building similar nationwide charging grid in Denmark.	Better Place 公司已經開支在以色列建立40座這樣的充電站，之後他們還有進軍丹麥，建設類似的全國充電電網。
Good news for video publishers: Online video viewers are, for the most part, still watching as much TV and seeing as many movies on DVD and in theaters as ever.	視頻出版商的好消息：絕大部分在線視頻觀衆花在看電視和在DVD和電影院裏看電影的時間仍然和以前一樣。
NEARY: Andrew Ferguson is a senior editor at the Weekly Standard. His new book is "Crazy U: One Dad's Crash Course in Getting His Kid into College."	Andrew Ferguson 是旗幟週刊的資深編輯，帶來他的新書《瘋狂的大學申請：一位父親的速成課》。
In one past study, Lawson and Lenz have observed that voters in Brazil, India and the United States all have similar ideas about what a successful politician looks like.	羅森和楞茲在過去的一項研究中注意到巴西、印度和美國的投票者都有關於一個成功的政客看起來是什麼樣子的類似想法。
In this scenario, after analysis, it was determined that it will be optimum to use the index I11 to access the table TAB1, but the default behaviour of the optimizer did not, even after tuning.	在這個場景中，經過分析，可以確定使用索引 I11 來訪問表 TAB1 是最優的，但是優化器的默認行爲不會這麼做，即使在調優之後也仍然不會這樣做。
Charm is a dangerous weapon.	魅力是一種危險的武器。
Last fall, I had my first sleepover.	去年秋天，我有了第一次外宿。
When I please my boss, I am ass-kissing.	當我討上司歡心的時候，我是拍馬屁。
Businesses are already earmarking scraps of their concessions;	各個公司已開始確定特許權的細節；
In Nigeria's press, Cecilia Ibru is referred to as the First Lady of Banking.	在尼日利亞新聞界，伊布魯被稱爲銀行界第一夫人。
It is considered that the reservoir-forming dynamics runs through hydrocarbon accumulation course. Initial power of petroleum migration and accumulation is pore fluid pressure' of source rocks.	研究結果表明，成藏動力貫穿於油氣成藏的全過程，油氣運移和聚集的原始動力是烴源巖內的孔隙流體壓力；
Is due to poor contact, especially in the direction of the contact around the disk, because the use of frequent, easy to make contact wear.	多是由於插頭接觸不良，特別是方向盤周圍的各個觸點，由於使用頻繁，容易使觸點出現磨損。
Companies always adhere to the "quality-oriented, service first" approach and set up factories to produce high-quality products and provide good service as the purpose of the development of us.	公司始終堅持“質量爲本，服務至上”的辦廠方針，以生產高質量的產品和提供優質的服務作爲我公司發展的宗旨。
Oh Fiona found out she had some money in her pocket.	哦，霏歐納兜裏帶了着些錢。
This game features Jack Carver as an ex-Marine trying to rescue Val (an FBI agent) from a crazed scientist who is creating mutant monkey-men to attack the world.	它描述的是退伍水兵傑克·卡弗試圖營救被瘋狂的科學家關押的美國聯邦調查局警員瓦爾的故事，這個科學家正在製造變異的猴人來攻擊人類。
A：Do you know any good bars near here?	A：你知道在這附近有什麼好酒吧嗎？
In this paper, firstly, we introduced the method about rotating the ASTER data using the interactively Tasseled Cap, and got the results representing the surface physical characters.	本文首先提出了應用交互式穗帽變換的方法對ASTER遙感數據進行轉換，得到能夠反映地面物理特徵的轉換分量。
What the FW motion equation describes is the coupling ratio of the motion speed of the model and payout.	FW運動控制方程所描述的是絲嘴和芯模的速度耦合關係。
This book is suffused with Shaw's characteristic wry Irish humour.	這本書充滿了蕭伯納獨特的愛爾蘭式幽默與嘲諷。
She smoothed the golden hair back as blue eyes focused on her again, this time filled with pain as another contraction started.	她梳理着金色的長髮，藍色的雙眼再一次聚焦在她身上，這時又一波宮縮使痛苦溢滿雙眸。
Nine years after the defining moment of the 21st century, a stunning set of photographs taken by New York Police helicopters forces us to look afresh at a catastrophe we assumed we knew so well.	從發生在二十一世紀伊始的這個歷史性時刻至今已經過去九年，由紐約警察直升機航拍的這一系列令人震驚的照片迫使我們重新去審視這個我們自以爲已經瞭解甚深的人類災難。
Results 64% of oocytes were normal, 36% of oocytes were aneuploidy, of which 22% were due to nondisjunction and 14% unbalanced predivision.	結果64%的卵細胞核型正常，36%的卵細胞爲非整倍體，其中22%爲同源染色體不分離，14%爲姐妹染色單體非平衡性過早分離。
In this semi-successional fermentation, a prolonged period of high rate daily gas production was maintained.	半連續補料能維持較長時間的較高日產氣效率。
Worst cases can lead to recession or the dreaded "stagflation", when inflation soars and growth sputters.	當時最嚴重的情況是在通貨膨脹物價劇增時導致經濟蕭條或可怕的滯漲現象。
Traveler: How long does the route N0.5 last?	遊客：5號線路可以玩幾天?。
It gives the technique character of the MSTP equipment of huawei and its typical application solution.	分別討論了城域波分和MSTP兩種技術在城域傳送網中的應用。
Japan is planning to set up 200 cameras with high fidelity to catch the motion in the gaming field and assume the live competition through a big 3D screen to audiences across each continent.	日本計劃使用200個高清攝像頭來拍攝比賽畫面，並通過3D大屏幕向世界各地的觀衆直播賽況。
I'd like to introduce you to Mr. Tice. (Nice to meet you. )	我想請你見見萊斯先生。（很高興見到您。）
This carving is an amazingly realistic representation of the reindeer who, 13, 000 years ago, were roaming in great herds across Europe.	這雕塑品逼真而驚人地重現了一萬三千年前馴鹿羣的姿態，成千上萬，浩浩蕩蕩，遊遍歐洲大陸。
All his life, Dr Huang served the people.	黃醫生爲人民服務了一輩子。
The jury convicted him of theft.	陪審團宣判他犯有偷竊罪。
This paper introduces the process of making "nine dragon" tripod vessel and describes the technology and key for casting the body by lost wax pattern plaster mold process in detail.	前言： 簡述了“九龍鼎”的製作過程，詳細介紹了用熔模石膏型鑄造大型鼎身的工藝及要點。
But if the priest comes to examine it and the mildew has not spread after the house has been plastered, he shall pronounce the house clean, because the mildew is gone.	房子墁了以後，祭司若進去察看，見災病在房內沒有發散，就要定房子爲潔淨，因爲災病已經消除。
Reacting to the proliferation of complex Basic variants, Kemeny and Kurtz formed a company in the 1980s to develop True BASIC, a lean version that meets ANSI and ISO standards.	Kemeny和Kurtz對複雜的Basic變體激增的反應是，於1980年代成立一家公司，開發符合ANSI和ISO標準的True BASIC，一種精簡版。
Designing for service composability will lessen the need for using complex enterprise service bus patterns (ESB) or for investing in a full-blown ESB platform.	針對服務的可組合性進行設計將減少使用複雜企業服務總線（ESB）模式或者投資一個全面ESB平臺的需要。 這個動態實現能力爲組合和執行業務流程提供了一個平臺。
By reviewing the idea, process and methods of a house internal design for a young couple, this article emphasizes the importance of space and explores the multi-possibilities of space organization.	該文通過對一次家居室內設計理念，過程和方法的回顧，強調了空間在室內設計中的主角地位，並探究其組織方式的多可能性。
The key of non-state owned enterprise persistent development is to build enterprise culture of learning-model and reconstruct it.	爲此構建民營企業的學習型企業文化，進行民營企業文化重構，成了民營企業可持續發展的關鍵。
As the saying goes, the devil often appears in the subtle.	俗話說，魔鬼常出現在細微處。
The Capitani Reggenti and the cabinet form the executive branch of the government.	兩位執政官既是國家元首，又是政府和議會首腦。 執政官和內閣組成了政府的行政部門。
The results indicate that cell throughput of fractional power control is higher than that of non-fractional power control.	仿真結果表明，分組功率控制的小區吞吐率和頻譜利用率高於非分組功率控制；
After the Russo-Japanese War, Japan's occupation of southern Sakhalin in Russia.	日俄戰爭後，日本佔領俄國庫頁島南部。
Results showed that satisfied-quality diamond films could be obtained on interior hole surfaces of WC-Co substrates with large aperture by employing optimum substrate pre-treatment and HFCVD process.	結果表明：採用合適的襯底預處理方法和優化的HFCVD工藝，可以在大孔徑硬質合金內孔表面沉積高質量的金剛石薄膜。
For the day of the LORD is near upon all the heathen: as thou hast done, it shall be done unto thee: thy reward shall return upon thine own head.	耶和華降罰的日子臨近萬國。你怎樣行，他也必照樣向你行。你的報應必歸到你頭上。
I came here four years ago, and despite the obvious sprawl of the town, there was still a feeling that every street was enclosed by an almost magical landscape.	四年前我初來這裏時，雖然這個小鎮的發展比較混亂，但是每條街道都像是一條風景線。
Method According to the theory of detecting outliers in linear regression analysis, the measured value of the samples in quality control was processed by EXCEL.	方法根據直線迴歸分析中“診斷異常點”的理論，通過計算機EXCEL軟件對實驗所獲得的質控品測定值進行統計學處理。
And then the atomization quality and charge performances of this nozzle and its affecting factors were studied by carrying out performance experiment and statistic analysis.	設計了一種氣助式靜電感應噴頭，對其工作原理和關鍵結構進行了理論探討，在室內對其進行了霧化性能試驗和荷電效果試驗。
Tablet weight (g): During each experiment, 10 tablets were weighed on a Mettler Toledo XS603-S laboratory balance, and the average value was recorded.	平板重量（g）：在每次實驗中，10粒，在梅特勒 - 託利多XS603 - S的實驗室天平稱重，和平均值記錄。
The fluctuations of solar wind quantities at the magnetopause excite the compressed Alfven waves, which propagate through the collisionless plasma in the tail of magnetosphere.	太陽風的漲落在磁層頂激發壓縮阿爾文波，並在磁尾的無碰撞等離子體中傳播。
The apples display their milliner's scraps of ivory silk, rose-tinged. All the sleeping things wake up–primrose, baby iris, blue phlox.	蘋果樹們則像帽子商人那樣，對人們展示着他們帽子上的那一片片綴了點淡玫瑰的白綢緞。
After the surface treatment, the slurry coating is uniform, the recoverability of the templates is improved, and the slurry loading on the templates increases greatly.	結果表明，表面處理以後，有機模板更容易被水基漿料均勻塗覆，且回彈力得到顯著增強，塗覆量也得到顯著提高。
In Brazil Suporte Tecnologia has a PHS-based telephony service in Betim state of Minas Gerais and Transit Telecom has announced a rollout of a PHS network in 2007.	在巴西，超級電話公司【我沒學過葡萄牙語，但是照字面意思是】，在BETIM實施基於小靈通技術的電話業務，以及在米那斯基拉斯市，並且輸運電訊在2007年宣佈首次部署小靈通系統。
Ocean Star New fish story, colorful, full of tricks!	海洋之星新增魚羣劇情，豐富多彩，花樣百出！
Out of control, out of place, we will demolish this religion that you have made.	失去控制，不得其所，我們會將你築起的信仰連根拔起。
The shop owner thinks for a minute, then says, “I’ve got it!	店老闆想了一會兒後說道：“有了！
It has an 18-bit address space that accesses 256KB of local store that are part of the chip itself.	它具有一個 18 位的地址空間，可以訪問 256KB 的本地存儲器，後者是芯片本身的一個部分。
Specifically chosen for it's long-life, lightweight and low maintenance properties, the permeable facade is punctuated by operable awning windows and louvres.	爲了實現長壽命、輕量級、低維護的特性，可穿透立面經過特別選擇，其上點綴着可操作遮篷窗和百葉窗。
Mr. White: Am I using the belt right? Slip it into the buckle and pull tightly.	懷特：安全帶是這樣用嗎？把這個扣到這裏，然後拉緊。
Assumption Church English choir leader Patrick Wilson regretted Church authorities had not discussed their concerns with the movement.	對於教會當局沒有與新慕道團討論他們的憂慮，。 堂區英語聖詠團團長博德．威爾遜（Patrick Wilson）表示感到惋惜。
How's a guy who never learned to swim and hadn't ridden a bike since he was six going to haul his 110-pound kid through a triathlon?	一個從未學過游泳、並且自六歲後都沒騎過車的人將如何拖着他110鎊重的孩子通過三項全能賽呢？
Are new products and services being offered that were not a part of the old site?	還是提供的新產品和服務不屬於舊的網站的一部分？
The Washington meeting was not interrupted with the news from Fort Hood, according to Sullivan.	據沙利文透露，來自胡德堡的消息沒有干擾華盛頓會議舉行。
Not only is it lighter, stronger, harder and more flexible than steel it is also a recyclable and sustainable manufacturable product that is eco-friendly and cost effective in its use.	它不只比鋼更輕，更硬，更牢固和更靈活，而且是一種環保的，可循環利用，可持續的製造產品，使用時性能價格比較高。
Next day the tailor said, "I'm sorry it isn't done. Try again tomorrow and, if God so wills , it will certainly be ready".	第二天，裁縫師又說：“我很抱歉衣服還沒做好。明天再來吧，如果上帝這麼想，也許能做好”
Hai Yan because, after the wind and rain to cry "Let the Tempest come steeper some" rhetoric.	海雁因爲歷經了風吹雨打，才能喊出“讓暴風雨來得更猛一些”的豪言壯語。
Encourage to the business enterprise formation on the policy mechanism, first, contribute money to carry on tax reduction or tax-frees to the philanthropic work.	在政策機制上對企業形成激勵，首先，對慈善事業的捐款進行減稅或免稅。
The testing result of present test method of body bending on seat is influenced largely by leg length of testee's and the efficiency is comparatively low.	目前我國體質測量中，現行的坐位體前屈測量方法的測量成績受被測者下肢長度影響較大，測量的有效性較低。
The physical exploration navigation system for the shoal sea is a integrated system which uses GPS, data-base, computer and communications and other techniques.	淺灘海物探導航系統是應用GPS定位技術、數據庫技術、計算機技術和通信技術等技術的綜合系統。
It also reflects the pantheistic experimentation of the period immediately following the Civil War.	同時也反映出了泛神論時期緊跟的內戰時期狀態。
Milan is also being now in the lead 2 points, in four strong cliques , most lets the human worry now no longer is Milan at least.	如今米蘭還領先着2分，至少在四強小集團中，如今最讓人擔心的已不再是米蘭。
This weather can be about out of the people are true love, this kind of weather is also dressed in the hair of the girl is a true hero.	這種天氣能約出來的人都是真愛，這種天氣還披着頭髮的姑娘都是真英雄。
One of the uncertainties of military duty is that you never know when you might suddenly get posted away.	任軍職不穩定的因素之一是你永遠不知道什麼時候會突然被派往它處。
Multi-variety linear regression program is compiled using the least square method and the Gaussian elimination.	利用最小二乘法及高斯消去法原理編制了多元線性迴歸程序；
Asylum seeker numbers in Australia have reached 6900.	此外，在澳尋求庇護者的人數已達6900人。
1759 - The British capture Quebec City.	1759年的今天，英國佔領魁北克城。
Corrected class hierarchy of Liskov Substitution Principle	違反Liskov替換原則類結構圖
The researchers from Hanyan University, Seoul, Korea, said that eating black soya beans lowers fat and cholesterol levels, a major contributor to type II diabetes.	南韓首爾漢陽大學的研究人員指出，攝食黑豆能降低脂肪與膽固醇，而兩者都是造成第二型糖尿病的主因。
The decisive end of the era of double-digit growth is here, with major implications for the nation and the world.	這裏就是兩位數增長的時代決定性的終結，這對整個國家和世界都會產生巨大的影響。
If you would like to use a photocopier for your handouts, or an overhead projector for your presentation, please do not hesitate to contact our Equipment Service.	如果您要複印一些發給與會報告者的材料，或者打算使用投影機，請與我中心的設備服務部門聯繫。
I've been keeping my room as neat as a pin, and the yard is always ship-shape.	我一直保持房間井然有序，院子也是修得井井有條的。
The kinds of PVC-U sound-proof tubing for building drainage were introduced.	介紹了建築排水用PVC-U隔音管材的幾種類別；
Engineering ceramic materials are difficult to machine because of their outstanding properties, such as high hardness, high wear resistance, high erosion resistance and high brittleness.	工程陶瓷因爲具有極高的硬度、良好的耐磨耐蝕性和很高的脆性，使其成爲難加工材料。
Hedefeated Liu Shouguang (who had proclaimed a Yan Empire in 911) in 915, and declared himself emperor in 923;	他打敗劉收咣（誰曾宣佈閆帝國911 ）在915 ，並宣佈自己皇帝在923 ；
He tried to tick me off, once; and I lost my temper.	有一次他想叱責我，我發了脾氣。
To the author, with the distinctive style and excellent antiseptic performances, the products made of pineapple leaf fiber would have a good marketing prospect in Japan.	菠蘿麻作爲一個新興的麻種，兼具獨特的功能和風格，有望在日本市場贏得有一片天地。
As noted earlier on China Real Time, the fake Apple Store, located in the southwestern Chinese city of Kunming, was spotted by an expatriate blogger in the city who uses the handle BirdAbroad.	如“中國實時報”此前的報導，位於昆明市的山寨蘋果店是被一位網名爲“BirdAbroad”的老外博客作者發現的。
During the Jin dynasty, a boy, called Mao Bao, was born into an impoverished family.	晉朝時，有一位名叫毛寶的小男孩，家境十分貧困。
We like blue les than red but more than green or yellow.	我們更喜歡紅色而不那麼喜歡藍色，但比起綠色或黃色來又較喜歡藍色。
Dick Weis is the director ofthe international programs.	迪克•魏斯是（此校）國際計劃的主任。
Nina needs nine knitting needles to knit naughty Nita's knickers nicely.	妮娜需要九個編織針爲淘氣的尼特編織漂亮的燈籠褲。
Additionally, Amazon tends to ask a lot of questions about object oriented design. Check out the Object Oriented Design chapter for sample questions and suggestions.	此外亞馬遜還會問很多“面向對象設計”方面的問題，關於這一部分本書也有對應的例題。
Mr. Zhou said that since 20th of May, the shipping company is more stricter than before about the cargo weight , surpasses 15,5 tons, must pay 400 US dollars overweight charge. If Mr.	周先生說，從5月下旬開始，船公司對重量的要求比以前更嚴格，超出15，5噸，需加400美金超重費用。
The paper discusses the possibility of seeking for Carlin-type gold deposits using landsat remote sensing.	本文應用衛星遙感信息，研究了尋找微細浸染型金礦的可能性。
The Conference Board’s confidence index decreased to 52.5, lower than the most pessimistic forecast of economists surveyed by Bloomberg News and down from a revised 54.3 in November.	大企業聯合會12月份消費者信心指數下降到52.5，低於彭博社調查經濟學家平均預計的56.3，同時低於11月份修正後的54.3。
Expansion monomers and expansion polymerizations, noted for their volume expansion during polymerization process, can be used to modify the properties of epoxy resin adhesive.	本文介紹膨脹聚合反應，綜述其在醫用高分子材料方面的應用，諸如補牙材料、緩釋放藥物、手術縫合線、醫用粘合劑等。
So if you want to use this kind of medical stretch hose must be in regular stores to buy, the best under the guidance of a doctor is reasonable use, will be conducive to good health.	所以如果要使用此類醫用彈力襪一定要在正規店面購買，最好在醫生的指導下合理使用，纔會有利於身體健康。
We're betting any aspiring artist will take that deal over three years of putting up with stuck-up assholes at art schools.	我們肯定，所有有抱負的藝術家都會願意以此和三年枯燥的藝術學院學習做個交易。
Assemble Drill To break through the first layer of crust, the crew deploys a steel pipe with an 11-inch-wide drill bit at the bottom.	爲了突破第一層地殼，船員們使用底部裝有11英寸寬的鑽頭的鋼管。
Tang dynasty saw ideological emancipation and resuscitation of the various schools of thought put forward by the exponents during the period from pre-Qin times to the early years of the Han Dynasty.	唐代思想解放，諸子學說重興，沉寂多年的墨學亦受到重視，唐中期韓愈、柳宗元等都對墨學做過研究。
The airport terminals have been fully developed to receive thousands of tourists and business travellers every day.	機場的終端已經完全拓展，以迎接每天成千上萬的遊客和商務人士。
The critical question is one of scale and degree, " said Nutt, the chairman of the government's Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs.	關鍵問題是如何掌握好它的度和量。
These bogies have such advantages as low maintenance cost and track utilization cost, higher transport efficiency, more economic and safe.	該轉向架具有維修費用及線路使用費用低，貨運效率更高、更經濟、更安全的優點。
Objective To study the effect of breviscapine on intercellular adhesion molecule-1 (ICAM-1) and monocyte chemotactic protein-1 (MCP-1) expression in tubulointerstitium of experimental diabetic rats.	目的探討燈盞花素對糖尿病大鼠腎小管-間質細胞間黏附因子-1（ICAM-1）與單核細胞趨化蛋白-1（MCP-1）表達的影響。
Methods We have examined the samples of 53 cases of tuberculous and 43 cases of carcinous pleural effusion from patients diagnosed in recent three years.	方法 對3年來確診的結核性胸水53例、癌性胸液43例患者的胸水標本進行檢測。
And his father was a workaholic who sacrificed child-rearing to work at a furniture store he owned with a partner. 'His complete focus was on the store, ' Bill Sr. says.	他的父親是一個工作狂，與人合夥經營一家傢俱店，父親一門心思撲在工作上，沒有時間照顧孩子。老蓋茨說，他把全部精力都花在了打理店鋪上。
The new products of EXFO's were introduced based on the module testing.	以測試模塊爲例，介紹了EXFO公司的新產品及其新功能，供用戶參考。
Junshu Dong highly appreciated the park's building mode, management concept and positioning, thought highly of the remarkable achievements in the past 6 years.	董君舒充分肯定了紫竹園區創新辦園理念、運行模式和產業定位，高度評價了園區開發建設六年來所取得的顯著成績。
LONDON (Reuters) - It was one of the more unusual requests -- but by no means the only weird plea for help that British embassies have received.	路透倫敦8月13日電---英國駐外使館收到了一個不同尋常的求助要求，不過這種奇怪請求絕非僅有。
For court appearances and client meetings, a well-cut suit in a neutral color is necessary for both men and women.	出庭或會見委託人時，無論男女，都要穿着一身中性色調且剪裁講究的西裝。
The answer is always the same - the door of the little house has been slammed in the intruders' faces.	但原節子總是以同樣的方式作答：在侵入者的面前，小屋的門被砰然關上。
By running of this device, it verified the correctness of this article, and provided a realistic basis for solving the over-voltage of the substation.	最後通過本設備的掛網運行有效驗證了本文分析的正確性，爲徹底解決該變配電所過電壓提供了現實依據。
The properties of the PVC envelop material modified by CPE was investigated, and the moisture permeability, tensile strength and elongation at break were also tested.	研究聚氯乙烯/氯化聚乙烯封套材料的性能，測試封套材料的透溼率、拉伸強度和扯斷伸長率。
Jake: OK. Thanks for the directions, Rita.	傑克： 好的。謝謝你爲我指路， 麗塔。
How is your life, situation, etc?	你的生活，情況等等如何？
One of the first things that Harry learns in his new world is that much of the muggle technology he grew up with is not to be found.	哈利在這個嶄新的世界裏最先學到的事情之一就是大多數他一直接觸的麻瓜科技在這裏是不適用的。
Immediate value can often be afforded to business users by enabling them to easily navigate through the data to view it side by side, associating data from one source to that of another.	通過允許業務用戶在數據之間輕鬆導航，逐項查看數據，或者將來自不同數據源的數據相關聯，可以爲業務用戶帶來直接的價值。
Her cheeks were bedewed with tears.	她的雙頰被淚水沾溼了。
Aquatic granula is a generalized conception in environmental aquatic chemistry. One of the research focuses is the principal of surface complexation and the quantification models.	環境水化學研究中，水體顆粒物具有廣義概念，研究的焦點之一就是表面絡合原理及其定量計算模式。
“We thought it would be mostly people in their 20s, ” he says, but the average age is 33. “That means for every college student you have a mid-career professional in their 40s, ” he adds.	“我們原本以爲大多數人都是20歲左右的年輕人，”他說道，但是他們的平均年齡是33歲。 “這意味着示威者中每有一個大學生就有一個40多歲的已步入職業生涯中期的中年人，”他補充道。
Oh, Mom, its even my birthstone!	哦，媽媽，那是我的誕生石！
The company expects to have a working prototype of this power train next year and even foresees limited sales to gotta-have car fanatics in 1998.	該公司期望動力組的樣板機明年能製造出來，甚至預估在1998年就可以限量賣給汽車狂。
Experts solemnly remind everyone, pointed condyloma is a very strong disease, and some people infected with no timely treatment, which will cause a lot of damage to themselves.	專家鄭重提醒大家，尖銳溼疣是一種危害非常強的病，有的人感染了沒及時治療，從而會給自己造成很大傷害。
Sends the encrypted session key to the server.	將加密的會話密鑰發送給服務器。
An Iranian commander last week said "martyrdom-seeking" militia would be able to disrupt Gulf transport routes.	一位伊朗指揮官上週聲稱，“不怕死的”民兵將能夠破壞海灣運輸線。
Are all students of the Department of International Finance here?	國際金融系的學生是否都到了？
Analyzed the damages and reasons of internal combustion engine coolant temperature out of the way, correspond to that put forward the measures.	分析了內燃機冷卻液溫度異常的危害、產生的原因，並提出了相應的處理方法。
But in before this long reaches for several months to rescue in the city or not argument, the supervising and managing level has not said a word.	而在此前長達數月的救市與否的爭論中，監管層未發一言。
With their help, all the apples were picked and put back on the cart.	僥倖的是，蘇和汽車司機都沒受傷。
Crohn's disease (CD) is a chronic transmural inflammatory disease that may involve any part of the alimentary tract from mouth to anus.	克隆氏病症是一種可侵犯消化道任何一部份的慢性全腸壁層侵犯的發炎疾病。
Be thankful that when you go to buy a pale, poultrylike entity, the grocery clerk will accept your credit card in good faith and even return it with a heroic garble of your last name.	你應該感謝，當你買回一堆毫無生氣的禽肉時，雜貨店收銀員誠心誠意地爲你刷卡，即使在歸還信用卡時，張冠李戴地稱呼你。
You can achieve this goal by applying SOA, BPM, and EA together in a synergistic fashion.	通過協作方式一起應用 SOA、BPM 和 EA 可以實現此目標。
This paper mainly introduced the gas spreader systems of one-step granulator and the gas spreader function and design main point.	本文主要介紹一步制粒機的氣體分佈器， 分佈器的作用及設計要點。
The empty square puts forward Taiwanese economy of the data offend to defend talk point fascinating!	空方提出臺灣經濟的數據攻防論點引人入勝！
This article has reviewed the properties, uses and preparation approaches of bismuth vanadate pigment.	綜述了釩酸鉍顏料的性能、用途及其製備方法。
The determination of selenium in selenium - enriched yeast by diphenylamine spectrometry was studied.	本文報道了一種簡便可靠的測定富硒酵母中硒含量的方法。
B: I'm sorry. Every customer coming here must do the warm-up exercise before getting down to swimming.	對不起，任何一位到我們這來的顧客在下水游泳之前必須要做熱身運動。
It all goes to prove the internet truism: your blog can cost you your job more surely than any old-world cocktail party indiscretion.	這完全證明了互聯網上的至理名言：相比舊時雞尾酒會上的任何失禮來，你的博客日記更有可能讓你付出失業的代價。
Objective: Neutron radiation can cause severe damages to the intestine which is hard to recover.	目的：中子輻射腸損傷重、難恢復，且目前尚無防治良策。
The man knocks the door and He chats , and said that oneself and Mr. Wang is the friend, this time comes is asks him to work, and lets He telephone to the husband.	男子敲開門和何某聊起來，並說自己和王先生是朋友，此次來是找他去幹活的，並讓何某給丈夫打電話。
Canopy with mesh window for better ventilation, and can be closed in windy days. (KV-680 only)	附網型天窗，令空氣更流通。又可關上使用，即使強風也不怕。（只限KV-680）
I know we blame selfishness and a lack of a sense for the greater good as reasons behind the weakness in banking and our economic troubles.	我知道我們會因爲虛弱的銀行體系和我們自己的經濟困難原因責備人們的自私自利和缺少犧牲小我的意識。
These texts and clay tablets were believed to illuminate many biblical customs and institutions. So in the Nuzi texts from about the middle of the second millennium, we learn of the custom of adoption for purposes of inheritance, particularly the adoption of a slave in the absence of offspring.	人們普遍認爲這些文件和石板文獻,闡釋了許多聖經的風俗制度,所以從第二千年中葉的Nuzi文件中，我們瞭解了爲遺產繼承而收養孩子的習俗，特別是沒有子孫時收養奴隸的行爲。
China has in the past couple of years seemed eager to prod the two countries’ huge but dormant territorial quarrels—over what India thinks of as Ladakh and Arunachal Pradesh—back into life.	中國在過去幾年顯得急於把兩國龐大但塵封多年的領土爭端——印度認爲的拉達克和阿魯納恰爾邦——重新拉到檯面上。
And we can argue about whether or not that's work, but that has been the intention certainly in the 20th century and now 21st.	我們可以對這種現象有所爭論，但這個觀點,肯定是20世紀和現在21世紀的焦點。
See the von Trapp kids?	看見範崔普的孩子嗎?。
The last thing Iwant to do is hurt you. But it's still on the list.	在這個世界上，我最不肯意做的事就是傷害你，然而這件事仍在我的思量之列。
The episode of strong earthquake activities from 1897 to 1980 in the whole area have been demarked, and the dynamic implications of each seismic episode is also preliminarily analyzed.	對1897—1980年本區的強震活動進行了分幕，初步分析了各地震幕的動力學意義。
Chengdu Tianyun massage club is with the times tide created a in Shanghai to provide tailor-made all-weather door-to-door part-time-style family health massage service center.	成都天韻按摩會所就是隨時代潮水而創立的一家爲在上海的人士供應量身定做的全天候上門鐘點式家庭保健按摩的效勞中間。
A spectrum is then obtained and telemetered to the ground.	然後記錄它的光譜，並將數據通過遙測系統發回地面。
On January 23, thousands of Bangladeshi Muslims boarded overcrowded trains as they tried to return home after attending the three-day World Islamic Congregation in Dhaka, Bangladesh.	1月23日，在孟加拉國首都達卡，數千名穆斯林教徒參加完爲期三天的世界穆斯林代表大會後，擠火車回家。
Handlers that do not process, repack or re-label organic products do not need to be certified.	不對有機產品進行加工、不換包裝或不換標籤的貿易商不必認證。
Several studies were commissioned, and a variety of panels heard expert witnesses and took testimony about the need for reform.	有關方面圍繞改革的需要展開了數項研究，舉行了多種專題會議，聽取專家意見和舉行聽證。
We assemble big diameter axial impellers for industrial application. Generally here in Italy we buy groups of steel rounds and steel tubes which reinforces our extruded aluminum blades.	我們裝配爲工業應用的大直徑軸向葉輪。在意大利我們通常買成組的鋼鐵輪和鋼管子來加強我們那此被擠壓出的鋁刀片。
In course of the energy flow, the proportion of total flow originating from detritus is 48%, and from primary producer is 52%.	在能量流動過程中，直接來源於碎屑的比例佔總流量的48%，而直接來源於初級生產者的比例爲52%。
The Tipping Point, Malcolm Gladwell	《引爆點》，馬爾科姆·格拉德威爾
The general manager is still not contented with the achievements made by Millennium Shanghai, a rising star in the city's prosperous Hongqiao area.	上海千禧海鷗大酒店正在以自己獨特的方式成爲虹橋地區的一刻冉冉上升的新星。
Oh dear, I'd been looking forward to warmer weather here.	噢天啊，我原期望這兒會有較暖和的天氣。
Other initiatives simply apply current technology to reduce domestic emissions (carbon-capture at power plants, for example).	其他則僅僅運用現有技術來減少國內污染排放量（比如發電站的碳捕捉量）。
Folk art, the nature of certain areas closed, with the characteristics of their native lands.	民間美術有一定的區域封閉性質，具有本鄉本土的特點。
This is the thesis of Steven Pinker’s absorbing and detailed survey of human behaviour that goes right back to early Christendom.	這正是史蒂文平克關於早期基督教時期人類行爲豐富而詳盡的研究所圍繞的主題。
California is particularly ambitious: it aims to pare its emissions back by 85% by 2050.	加州目標尤其遠大：它致力於到2050年將氣體排放量削減85%。
Some of Pedini collections includes nice re-invent of inline kitchen layouts.	一些佩蒂尼的產品包含了重新發明的內嵌廚具佈局。
Woe unto you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! for ye devour widows' houses, and for a pretence make long prayer: therefore ye shall receive the greater damnation .	你們這假冒爲善的文士和法利賽人有禍了，因爲你們侵吞寡婦的家產，假意作很長的禱告，所以要受更重的刑罰。
Ice-active substances (IASs) are a kind of extracellular glucoprotein with a function to inhibit the ice crystal growth.	冰活性物質是由南極冰藻產生的具有抑制冰晶生長的一類胞外糖蛋白。
This paper intends to have a review of CET-4 history and analyze some existing problems. We interviewed 180 students as to whether a student should be awarded Bachalor Degree only if he passes CET-4.	通過對大學英語四級考試的回顧以及對出現問題的思考，並對石家莊鐵道學院180名學生進行了關於英語四級與學位是否脫鉤的調查。
This feels like the perfect place for me right now.	這種感覺就像那個完美的地方對我一樣。
That is just a jok.	那不過是個笑話。
Can divide load into two kinds industrial load and non- industrial load on 10KV side again.	在110KV 側可再把負 荷分爲工業負荷和非工業負荷兩種。
It was also preyed that the character of the female sterility in wheat was dominated by major recessive gene through comparing the young embryo of two parents and their hybrids F1.	本文還通過比較雙親及雜種F1的幼胚發育，從胚胎學角度進一步證明了小麥雌性不育性狀受隱性主效基因控制。
In September, "you start getting more and more focused on the next calendar year, " says Georges Yared of Yared Investment Research.	在九月，“人們開始越來越多地將關注焦點轉向於下一年，”Yared Investment Research的喬治·亞雷德說。
From the perspective of empirical data quality found the non-technical causes of the problem, which may be more statistical system and incorrect view of the performance and so on.	從實證的角度看，數據質量問題的成因，更多可能是非技術因素，如統計制度和不正確的政績觀等等。
It is often combined with elements of numerology .	通常，風水還與佔數學的原理結合起來使用。
The results indicated that the ICA in three algorithms JADE, MSNR, GOSA can be extracted to structure mode, which had a good consistency with the modal parameters from the OMA.	研究結果表明ICA中的JADE、MSNR、GOSA三種算法均可提取試驗模型的結構模態參數，它與OMA提取的模態參數具有良好的一致性。
Would you like to go bicycling with me in the mountains?	要不要和我—起去山裏騎自行車？
Men's ability to turn a sniffle into flu and a headache into a migraine has long been a source of irritation to wives and girlfriends.	男性將流鼻涕轉變成流感，將輕微頭痛轉變成偏頭痛的“能力”，長期以來一直是激怒他們妻子和女朋友的一個根源。 （因爲普遍認爲女性在流感面前更脆弱。）
Sub-Saharan Africa has high rates of pregnancy- and childbirth-related deaths in women and health problems in babies.	撒哈拉以南非洲率高懷孕和分娩有關的死亡率在婦女和嬰兒的健康問題。
In Love + Sex With Robots, Levy explains how human-robot love can become a reality.	Levy在書中說人與機器間的愛情可以成爲現實。
Or that double-digit interest rates dominated the 19th century?	或者19世紀的利率以兩位數爲主？
The 8th Representative Congress of Chinese Communist Party put forward a series of sound principles and policies to extend national democratic life and develop within-party democracy.	八大提出了一系列正確的擴大國家民主生活和發展黨內民主的原則和方針，至今對我國的社會主義民主政治建設仍具有重要的指導意義。
The implementation of new curriculum is the focus of education reform, with the expansion and deepening of the reform, basic education in our country has brought new vigor and vitality.	新課改的實施是我國教育改革的重點，隨着改革的擴大和深化，給我國基礎教育事業帶來了新的活力和生機。
In what seasons do bees collect nectar from flowers?	在什麼季節蜜蜂從花中採集花蜜?。
The government brought two hundred eighty-five charges against him, mostly for murder.	政府對他提出二百八十五費，主要用於謀殺。
The overstatement of $400 000 in inventory caused us to understate our cost of sales by the same amount.	庫存多計的40萬美元使得我們的銷售成本少計了40萬。
Despite the sending off Carragher praised the positive effect that Cole's move to Reds has had on both the city of Liverpool and the team.	儘管小喬被罰下場，卡拉依然對小喬的到來對利物浦這座城市以及球隊的積極因素予以讚揚。
No problem is permanent storms always give way to the sun.	風暴總會給陽光讓路，寒冬總會轉變爲暖春。
Thee intelligence ytem provide helicopter crew and unmanned vehicle the ability to ee through moke, fog and dut in a very compact and lightweight package.	這些情報系統爲直升機機組人員和無人駕駛車輛提供了信息蒐集能力，可透過煙、霧和灰塵觀察外部情況。
Festivals & special events tourism is a kind of tourism propaganda important means used by Luoping of Yunnan and it works very well.	節事旅遊是旅遊宣傳的重要手段，雲南羅平就利用了這種手段，並且取得了很好的效果。
China's food sector has been beset by poisonings and toxin scandals that have shaken consumer confidence, and dairy production has been at the heart of those worries.	中國食品部門經常受一些中毒和毒素謠言困擾，這些致使消費者對食品的安全性產生懷疑，而且奶產品是重中之重。
The sugar-cane is taken to the factory where the juice is crushed out.	甘蔗被運到工廠中去榨汁。
When I was at primary school, my father played snooker a lot, and everytime, he went to play he would take me.	當我在小學的時候，我的父親打桌球很多，而且每一次，他就去踢他會抓住我。
The respondents were asked to identify the organization that insures you against losing money in the stock market or as the result of investment fraud.	被調查者被問到是否知曉,在股票市場或者在投資欺詐案中,保護他們的資金不受損失的機構
It is so overpoweringly painful, human victims have been known to go into shock and drown or die of heart failure before even reaching shore.	它造成無法忍受的劇痛，傷者會休克並溺斃，或在抵岸之前死於心力衰竭。
"Our test centre does run a waiting list which is based on the number of absentees that we have every test, " he said.	“我們考試中心有一個等候名單，基於每場考試缺考的人數，”他說。
And here’s something scary: The Berkeley scientists can now implant the MEMS equipment during the pupal stage so that the beetles emerge embedded with electrodes, ready to be wired up.	有一點很可怕：伯克利分校的科學家目前已經能夠在昆蟲還處於蛹的階段就將微機電系統（MEMS）設備植入昆蟲體內，所以昆蟲內嵌着電極長大，並且準備好了接通電源。
Objevtive: It is to evaluate the epidemiological characteristics of achondroplasia in China.	目的：瞭解我國圍產兒軟骨發育不全的流行病學特徵。
The stabilizing effect of hot-electron and line-tying on the low-frequency plasma interchange mode is analysed.	分析了熱電子與線捆對低頻等離子體交換模的穩定作用。
So I think there are very many similarities between what’s happening in Europe and what’s happening in the Arab world.	因此，我認爲，歐洲所發生的事情和阿拉伯世界所發生的動盪之間有很多相似之處。
When he fell from the cliff, he beat his brains out.	他從懸崖上跌了下去， 頭破血流而死。
The inner wall of aorta, leaking pseudoaneurysm and intimal flap of dissecting aneurysm were also demonstrated by CT VE of the aorta.	主動脈CT仿真內窺鏡能顯示血管內壁、假性動脈瘤的破口、夾層動脈瘤的內膜瓣。
Persatuan Kebajikan Shan Xin Negeri Sembilan was established in 2005 and it has now entered its fifth year so far.	善行基金會簡介善行基金會成立於2005年，迄今已邁入第五個年頭。
The men hwo are somewhat handsome, somewhat nice and have some money and thank God are heterosexual are shy and never make the first move!	又好又帥，還有些錢並且是異性戀的男人卻害羞，從不敢主動。
Inherit the advantage of the traditional instrument, Friendly man-machine interface, Easy to operate.	繼承傳統儀器的優勢，友好的人機界面，易於操作使用。
Changes in how humans have interpreted animal suicide reflect shifting values about animals and our own self-destruction, the paper argues.	這篇論文認爲人類對動物自殺的解釋方式的變化反映了人類對動物以及人類自身自我毀滅看法的變化。
The wave brushes the wool, becomes after the advanced technical craft cone crusher, the effective elimination stubborn tooth soaks, the comprehensive clean tooth.	波浪型刷毛，經先進科技工藝圓磨而成，有效去除頑固牙漬，全面潔齒。
Journalist Amanda Platell commented that it is a pattern that has become more noticable in recent years, with high fashion becoming more accessible on the high street .	記者阿曼達 普萊特爾評論道，最近這些年來，人們從商業街上能更容易地買到各種高級時裝，這種行爲模式也越來越引人注意。
One is not better than the other, unless we're talking about fashion and I'm sorry, but I gave that to women and some guys who know the difference between teal and fuchsia.	世無優於他人者，除非吾等所論爲時尚，而吾很抱歉，吾更願將此話題留予那些通曉區分鳧藍與晚櫻紅之法的女子及部分男子。
I thought I would feel guity if I continue to gaze at others, for it is rude and offended.	我想到如果我繼續盯着看別人，我就會感到內疚，因爲盯着看人是一種粗魯的冒犯行爲。
This confused list of words still uses rules: the words are arranged alphabetically.	這串讓人費解的單詞組依然存在規則：單詞按照字母順序排列。
But that thing which could be called human intelligence on domesticated animals is quite different from the slyness of fox or the acumen of animals.	狐狸天生的聰明是所有的、甚至野生動物都擁有的那種聰明。
Jemima Owen, a 20-year-old college student in the UK, was in her final year of primary school when the first Harry Potter film was released.	對20歲的英國大學生傑邁瑪•歐文來說，《哈利•波特1》是在她小學最後一年上映的。
An eruption there would affect Naples and "could be worse than a hypothetical Vesuvius eruption, " Bertolaso said.	火山爆發會影響那不勒斯市，“情況可能會比假想中的維蘇威火山爆發更爲糟糕”，多拉索說。
"She's a pretty baby, " Barnes said soberly and passed it on to Nolan, who smiled at it and handed it back to Appleby.	“她很可愛”巴恩思嚴肅地說道同時把錢夾給諾蘭， 諾蘭看了笑笑然後還給蘋果買。
Group of chimpanzees in the ranking, unlike other monkeys so strict that they can unite together to resist the invaders, so not many enemies in the natural world.	黑猩猩羣中的等級劃分不像其它猴羣那麼嚴格，它們能團結一致共同反抗入侵者，因此自然界中敵手不多。
But legality, maintenance narrow benefit, to never to return facing the difficult policy-making fraught with uncertainty day.	但墨守陳規、維護狹隘的利益、面對艱難的決策畏首畏尾的日子將一去不復返了。
At prophase and metaphase of meiosis of the oocyte, an incomplete conjugate chromosome pair may be observed, possibly the ZW complex. The longer terminal is presumed to be the W chromosome.	在卵母細胞減數分裂前期及中期，有一不完全配對染色體，推測爲ZW染色體對，末端長的爲W染色體。
Yunnan is the cradle of tea trees. Tea-induced trade gave rise to the ancient Tea and Horse Caravan Road that extended all the way to South Asia.	雲南是茶樹的起源地，因茶而生的貿易，勾連起通往南亞國家著名的茶馬古道。
Shanghai Huguang Electronic Co. , Ltd, established in 1993, is a private technical enterprise integrating research and development, manufacture and marketing.	上海滬光電子控制設備廠創建於1993年，是一家集研發、製造、營銷於一體的民營科技型企業。
Black hole of algorithms, and the dichotomy, I wrote some satay to know that they feel can also.	黑洞的算法，和二分法，我寫的，嗲給知道一些，自己感覺還可以。
if the time period of paying premiums is not less than ten years, the maximum period of receiving unemployment insurance compensation is 24 months;	累計繳費時間10年以上的，領取失業保險金的期限最長爲24個月。
Inverse triangle: a similar heart-shaped, the amount of large, small jaw, are one of the ideal type face, all the collars are suitable.	逆三角形：類似心形，上額寬大，下顎狹小，是屬於理想型臉型之一，所有的領子都適合。
We were being taught not only how to invest wisely; we were also being taught how to live wisely.	我們不僅受教於如何明智地投資，而且受教於如何智慧地生活。
In order to determine the time sequence of recent eruption in Tianchi volcano, the TL thermal-stability has been investigated for pumice and sanidine phenocryst within the volcanics .	爲釐定天池火山近代噴發的時序，對鹼流巖中的浮巖和透長石斑晶進行了熱釋光（TL）信號熱穩定性研究。
But the rigors of any such commitment would likely be too taxing for Mr. Jackson.	但是任何這種類型的項目，對傑克遜來說，都看上去太過勞累。
The Bogor Goals concern APEC’s credibility, cohesiveness and future development.	茂物目標事關亞太經合組織的信譽、凝聚力和未來發展。
Before QT treatment, grain size distributions in weldment and matrix are relatively homogenous, while after QT treatment the small grains are preponderant.	調質處理前焊縫和熱影響區中晶粒尺寸分佈較爲均勻，而調質處理後主要以小尺寸晶粒爲主。
Dr Zach Lippman, the lead author at Cold Spring Harbor Laboratory in New York, said the technique should work for all flowering fruit plants.	扎克·李普曼博士是紐約冷泉港實驗室的論文帶頭人，他說，所有開花結果的植物都應能適用這項發現。
Snap placket over zip front.	門襟拉鍊扣在前面。
The girl’s father recoiled, and Teacher Fei wondered if the daughter knew that her father already lived in a prison cell, its bars invisible to the people in the street.	女孩的父親顯得畏畏縮縮，範老師想，她女兒是否知道，她父親已經住進了監獄，只是這所監獄的監窗是街上的人們看不見的。
Focused Power (Discipline): Increases your total spell damage and healing done by 2/4%, but no longer increases your chance to hit with Mind Blast, and Mass Dispel.	能量集中（戒律）：增加法術和治療效果2/4%， 不再增加心靈震暴和大驅散的擊中率。
"People have suffered that hit on their standards of living as a result of the rise in global oil prices and food prices and at the same time, we have had this credit crunch," he said.	布朗說：“隨着全球石油價格和糧食價格同時提高，人民的生活水平受到了打擊，再加上我們遇到信貸緊縮的局面，這些都可以稱之爲全球性的經濟問題。
At the same time, the use of coal exhaustive method to optimize selection.	同時利用窮舉法對配煤進行優化選取。
Mmigration law does not allow H- 4visa holders to work or receive welfare benefits.	美國移民法不允許H?4簽證持有者從事工作或接受福利待遇。
Flow regime is an important character of three phase cocurrent flow.	三相併流的流型與系統的動態特徵有關。
Weihen the deceased, living remorse, family Lisu, criminal offenders before the confession, which gave us a warning: Make life to drugs.	死者的遺恨，家庭生活的悔恨，傈僳族，罪犯刑前的懺悔，這給了我們一個警告：讓生命遠離藥物。
BACKGROUND: Bone morphogenetic protein 2 (BMP-2) may induce bone marrow stroma cells (MSCs) to differentiate into osteoblasts or chondrocytes.	背景：骨形態發生蛋白2可誘導骨髓基質細胞向成骨或軟骨系分化。
Experiment with the fonts in your word processing program to find one that you like and that fits the occasion.	在你處理文字的過程中可以嘗試使用不同的字體，來找到你最喜歡的最應景的字體。
One night, Aleck fed in the password and then operated the networking computer.	一天晚上，亞力克輸入計算機密碼然後操作聯網計算機。
Changchun Light technology institute is China most early and most has the great reputation optics development facility.	長春光機所是中國最早和最負盛名的光學研究機構。
He was found guilty of "acts against national security, propagating against the Islamic establishment and keeping classified documents", according to Fars.	據法爾斯報道，他被認爲“有危害國家安全的行爲，並曾經對伊斯蘭建立和保持機密文件進行宣傳抵制活動。
In elderly group there were, 16(72.7%) cases with repeatly heart failure, which were higher than those in younger group.	老年組發生急性左心衰16例（72.7%），明顯高於非老年組（P<0.05）；
Where is my bus?	我的巴士在哪裏？
Increased purchasing power. The FBMP increases the purchasing power of First Book, enabling it over time to leverage additional discounts for all books it purchases.	提高了購買力。第一書市提高了第一本書的購買力，從而平衡了其購買的所有書籍的額外折扣。
The scholarship and research grants distribution is as appendix table 1.	獎學金和獎教金具體分佈詳請見附件1。
I met a lot of friends, a lot of people from a lot around the world.	我碰到很多朋友，很多人，他們來自世界各地。
Climate change and the emergence of new and virulent livestock diseases highlight the importance of retaining the capacity to adapt our agricultural production systems.	氣候變化和新的病毒性牲畜疾病的出現突出了保持我們農業生產體系適應能力的重要性。
They had some travel guide to Disney World and they were trying to decide which Disney resort to stay in.	他們拿了些去迪斯尼樂園的指南書，並且想要決定到那以後的住宿問題。
Isn't it something? But enough about him. Mr. Mogan, I want to personally thank you for the outstanding job you've done.	沒有區別嗎?但是足夠區別他摩根先生，我想親自對你做的出色的工作表示感謝。
Using this model, the dynamic responses of the rail joints are calculated, which provides the theoretical basis for raising speed of Jing Jiu Railway.	運用該模型，對不同列車速度條件下鋼軌接頭的動力響應進行了計算，爲京九線路的提速提供了理論依據。
From November to March — after the collapse of some prominent financial institutions — the labor market lost an average of 670, 000 jobs each month.	從去年11月到今年3月—在一波金融機構崩盤之後—就業市場平均每個月減少670 000個崗位。
The City made a good beginning last year. A batch of significant projects settled in succession.	去年全市實現了首戰之年大突破，一批重大項目相繼落戶。
Rhus succedanea L. is a multipurpose fruit tree species, which can be used for landscaping, water and soil conservation, so it have good social benefit, economic benefit and ecosystem benefit.	日本黃櫨又名日本野漆樹，是集果用、園林綠化、水土保持與一體的樹種，具有良好的社會效益、經濟效益、生態效益。
Independent non-profit organisation focussing on business and government policy on climate change, based in the UK, US and Australia.	基於英國，美國和澳大利亞的獨立的非營利性組織，主要關注有關氣候變化的商業和政府政策。
Since January 1996, a sizeable percentage of OMG members have been meeting in Domain Task Forces (DTFs), communities focused on standardizing services and facilities in specific vertical markets.	自從 1996 年 1 月以來，很多 OMG 成員參加了 Domain Task Forces（領域任務組，DTF），標準化特定縱向型市場的服務和設施成爲了社區關注的焦點。
That won't stop us from blathering on about it, of course.	當然，這並不能阻止我們在這個問題上喋喋不休。
Leadership and administration, job reword, job intensity, social support and school have more influence on country teachers' job satisfaction than city teachers'.	領導與管理、工作報酬、工作強度、社會支持和學校狀況這些因素對農村教師工作滿意感的影響比對城市教師的影響大；
I think the EDG probably uses a low astigmatism eyepiece design like the SE.	我想EDG可能使用了象SE一樣的低像散目鏡設計。
Methods:Rat glomerular base membrane (GBM) and Freund's adjuvant were injected into rabbits subcutaneously or intracutaneously to build the Steblay nephritis model.	方法：用大鼠腎小球基底膜和弗氏佐劑，給家兔注射，複製出慢性腎小球腎炎模型。
Carpenter put the flashlight to the entrance. < /p> < p> Yin three night, such as a public officer will arrive at the tunnel mouth, three yin suddenly found the devil on the left track vehicle.	木匠把手電照向入口。 夜晚，尹三等一衆人員即將到達地道口，尹三突然發現了地上有鬼子的軍車留下來的車轍。
She resides with some of the world's best table tennis players and walks less than five minutes from her dorm to practice against them.	她和一些世界上最好的乒乓球手住在一起，只需不到五分鐘就可以從宿舍走到訓練場地和那些好手們一起練球。
David attributed his company's success to the unity of all the staff and their persevering hard work.	年夜衛道他們公司之以是取得勝利是因爲全部員工的連合戰堅韌不拔盡力事情的成果。
To this, public security is in a policeman to remind broad passenger: Spring during carry, the network buys a ticket to must beware trap.	對此， 公安處警務人員提醒廣大旅客：春運期間，網絡購票須謹防陷阱。
He believed that a superior race, called the Aryans , was responsible for the cultural achievements of Europe.	他認爲，歐洲的文化成就是一個叫雅利安族的優越種族取得的。
But it donot make it any better, what Idid.	但是我做的也好不到哪兒去。
Also disclosed is the method of selecting the putative transformants post transformation with the said vector that possess a metabolic advantage of utilizing Xylose as a sole carbon source.	還公開了用 所述載體轉化後選擇具有利用木糖作爲唯一碳源的代謝優勢的推測性 轉化體的方法。
Nevertheless, the cruel arrow of the stock market already has digested the possible ouster of Apotheker, and it votes yes.	不過，股市殘酷的利箭已經消化了李艾科可能被解職的消息，它投了贊成票。
Extraradical hyphal growth was inhibited at high P levels, resulting in decreased P uptake by AM fungi.	高磷造成AM真菌生長和代謝活性下降，是導致菌根效應下降的原因之一。
Popularization of compulsory pre-school education should be given priority.	義務教育應優先提高學前教育。
We have continuously solved various difficult printing problems with unremitting faith, unstinted technology support and equipment resources.	我們以不懈的信念和充裕的技術後盾、設備資源，不停地攻克各項印刷難題。
The closure surfaces of these container assemblies may be configured such that they run substantially entirely at an angle to a local direction of radiation emanating from the radioactive material.	這 些容器組件的閉合表面可以構造成它們基本上與從放射性材料發出的射線 的局部方向完全成角度。
The conference and banquet facilities will include the Marco Polo Ballroom, the Junior Ballroom and seven Function Rooms.	會議和宴會設施包括馬哥孛羅宴會廳、小宴會廳以及七個多功能廳， 上海青松城大酒店。
" At this, a male student in the crowd inquires, "Er... How much for a season pass?	這時，人羣中一個男生問道：“呃...季票要多少錢？”
This suggests that the markers are specific to tumors and would not be mistaken for normal blood vessel growth in women of reproductive age.	因此可以確定，這些標記物對腫瘤具有特異性，同時不會誤判爲處於生殖期女性正常的血管生長。
The fluorescent stability of triarylpyrazoline oligomer as dopant is obviously higher than that of related small molecules, and its PLED can emit pure blue light.	吡唑啉低聚物摻雜於高分子基質中具有明顯高於相應小分子的熒光穩定性，並且其PLED 發出純正的藍光；
Especially, dragon boat racing is very popular, for it is not only an activity of sports and recreation, but also embodies people's patriotism and collectivism.	特別是賽龍舟的習俗受到普遍的歡迎，因爲它不僅是一種體育娛樂活動，更體現出人們心中的愛國主義和集體主義精神。
Here we mainly talk about moving average proportion method of season change, other compositions call statistic program packages.	這裏主要講述季節變動的移動平均比率法，其它成分調用統計程序包進行計算。
This is a very good Huffman tree C code can run.	這是一個很不錯的赫夫曼樹C代碼，可以運行。
Her husband holds their daughter in front of the computer while Mommy makes those funny faces in the middle of the night far away, singing her favorite song.	午夜，在遙遠另一邊的電腦旁她扮着鬼臉，唱着女兒最愛聽的歌，她丈夫把她女兒抱到電腦旁看着屏幕裏的母親。
That is, for partners with less industry expertise, client-specific knowledge is more important than independence-decreasing effect.	這說明，當會計師缺少行業經驗時，審計任期延長帶來的客戶專有知識效應超過了獨立性降低的負面效應。
Article 3 The proportion of registered capital and total amount of investment of Chinese-foreign equity joint ventures shall abide by the following provisions	第二條 中外合資經營企業的註冊資本，應當與生產經營的規模、範圍相適應。 合營各方按註冊資本的比例分享利潤和分擔風險及虧損。
We have carried out massive reformations in the course of the experiment teaching of digital electronic technology and received good effect.	我們在數字電子技術實驗教學中進行了大量的改革實踐，收到了較好的實驗教學效果。
If Mr. Yang presented his own proposal to the transactions committee, it wouldn't violate corporate-governance rules, he said.	科恩說，如果楊致遠向交易委員會提交了自己的建議書，這種做法並不違反公司治理的規則。
On the other hand, the common people social stratum is repelled by the patriarch system, which has had the common people belief.	另一方面，平民階層被排斥於宗法性宗教信仰以外，產生了與國家宗教相併行的平民信仰。
We placed the GlobalCommands object on the top right hand corner of the first screen for easier readability and accessibility, because the step-down approach leaves this area available for this use.	我們將 GlobalCommands 對象放在第一個屏幕的右上角位置以方便讀取和訪問，因爲這種逐級下降方式會使得這一區域比較適合作全局命令使用。
" The romance of the Three Kingdoms " in figure on each side of its state, long or short.	《三國演義》中的人物各具其態，有長有短。
The meeting today is of special significance because it marks CD's 1000th plenary meeting.	今天召開的是裁談會第1000次全會，具有特殊意義。
It had fallen as low as 117.13 yen on EBS in U.S. trading, the lowest since early December.	稍早美國交易時段的電子交易系統(EBS)中,其曾跌至117.13日圓,爲去年12月中旬以來新低.
The National Insurance Act of 1911 was the historic legislation which laid the foundations of British welfare state, but it was hampered by the invested groups in the course of legislation.	1911年《國民保險法》是一部具有歷史性意義的立法，莫定了英國福利國家的基礎。
